docs/content/docs/(getting-started)/glossary.mdx, before:

---
title: Glossary
description: Terms used in ByteChef platform.
---

In this document, you will find a list of terms used in ByteChef's platform. Here are the definitions:

## Projects

Projects are containers that hold one or more workflows. Projects help organize and manage workflows, making it easier to group related automation processes together. Users can create, edit, duplicate, import, and delete projects to streamline their automation efforts.

## Workflows

Workflows are a series of actions and triggers that automate processes within the ByteChef platform. Workflows can be created by combining various components and configuring them to work together seamlessly. Users can also customize workflows by adding conditions, loops, and other logic to create more complex automation processes.

## Components

In ByteChef, a component is a modular building block that encapsulates specific functionalities within the platform. Each component is designed to interact with external services or perform particular tasks, making it an essential part of creating workflows.

Components are composed of two main elements: actions and triggers.

By combining actions and triggers, components enable users to automate complex processes and integrate various services seamlessly. Components are designed to be reusable and extendable, allowing users to customize and expand their workflows according to their needs.

## Connections

Connections are used to connect a component to an external service or application. They provide the necessary information for the component to interact with the external service, such as authentication details, base URL, and other properties.

## Triggers

These are events that initiate a workflow. Triggers listen for specific occurrences, such as receiving a new email, a change in a database, or a scheduled time event, and start the workflow when these events occur.

## Actions

These are operations that a component can perform. Actions typically involve sending data to an external service, retrieving information, or manipulating data within the workflow. For example, an action might send an email, update a database record, or fetch user details from an API.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/(getting-started)/glossary.mdx, after:

---
title: Glossary
description: "ByteChef glossary. Quick reference guide for automation terms, workflows, components, triggers, and integration concepts."
---

In this document, you will find a list of terms used in ByteChef's platform. Here are the definitions:

## Projects

Projects are containers that hold one or more workflows. Projects help organize and manage workflows, making it easier to group related automation processes together. Users can create, edit, duplicate, import, and delete projects to streamline their automation efforts.

## Workflows

Workflows are a series of actions and triggers that automate processes within the ByteChef platform. Workflows can be created by combining various components and configuring them to work together seamlessly. Users can also customize workflows by adding conditions, loops, and other logic to create more complex automation processes.

## Components

In ByteChef, a component is a modular building block that encapsulates specific functionalities within the platform. Each component is designed to interact with external services or perform particular tasks, making it an essential part of creating workflows.

Components are composed of two main elements: **Actions** and **Triggers**.

By combining actions and triggers, components enable users to automate complex processes and integrate various services seamlessly. Components are designed to be reusable and extendable, allowing users to customize and expand their workflows according to their needs.

## Connections

Connections are used to connect a component to an external service or application. They provide the necessary information for the component to interact with the external service, such as authentication details, base URL, and other properties.

## Triggers

These are events that initiate a workflow. Triggers listen for specific occurrences, such as receiving a new email, a change in a database, or a scheduled time event, and start the workflow when these events occur.

## Actions

These are operations that a component can perform. Actions typically involve sending data to an external service, retrieving information, or manipulating data within the workflow. For example, an action might send an email, update a database record, or fetch user details from an API.
