docs/content/docs/(getting-started)/introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: This is the documentation for ByteChef, an open-source workflow automation platform that connects your entire tech stack with AI-powered intelligence.
icon: Album
---

import {Card, Cards} from "fumadocs-ui/components/card";
import {Blocks, LayoutTemplate, Terminal, Workflow} from "lucide-react";
import {Callout} from "fumadocs-ui/components/callout";

This documentation covers everything from setup to usage and development. It's a work in progress but all contributions are welcome. 

## Pick Your Path

<Cards>
  <Card icon={<Workflow className="text-purple-300" />} title='Automation' href="/automation">
    Easily build and run smart workflows that connect your apps, automate routine tasks, and include AI-driven decisions—no heavy coding needed.
  </Card>

  <Card icon={<LayoutTemplate className="text-blue-300" />} title='Embedded' href="/embedded">
    Bring the power of ByteChef directly into your product—embed the workflow builder, run automations behind the scenes, and let your users create workflows inside your app.
  </Card>

  <Card icon={<Blocks />} title='Developer Guide' href='/developer-guide'>
    Get started with building components/connectors, writing custom functions, and extending ByteChef. Everything you need to develop, test, and deploy powerful automations.
  </Card>

  <Card icon={<Terminal />} title='Reference' href='/reference'>
    Explore detailed docs on components, functions, workflow syntax, and platform APIs—your go-to source for ByteChef’s technical details.
  </Card>
</Cards>

<Callout title="Want to learn more?">
  Read our in-depth [Platform documentation](/platform/overview).
</Callout>

## Community support

For help, you can use one of these channels to ask a question:

- [Discord](https://discord.gg/VKvNxHjpYx) - Discussions with the community and the team.
- [GitHub](https://github.com/bytechefhq/bytechef/issues) - For bug reports and feature requests.
- [X/Twitter](https://twitter.com/bytechefhq) - Get the product updates easily.

## Roadmap

Check out our [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/bytechefhq/projects/3) to get informed of the latest features released and the upcoming ones.

### Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, kindly read our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/bytechefhq/bytechef/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn and understand about our development process, how to propose bug fixes and improvements, and how to build and test your changes to ByteChef.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/(getting-started)/introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: "This is the documentation for ByteChef, an open-source workflow automation platform that connects your entire tech stack with AI-powered intelligence."
icon: Album
---

import {Card, Cards} from "fumadocs-ui/components/card";
import {Blocks, LayoutTemplate, Terminal, Workflow} from "lucide-react";
import {Callout} from "fumadocs-ui/components/callout";

This documentation covers everything from setup to usage and development. It's a work in progress but all contributions are welcome. 

## Pick Your Path

<Cards>
  <Card icon={<Workflow className="text-purple-300" />} title='Automation' href="/automation">
    Easily build and run smart workflows that connect your apps, automate routine tasks, and include AI-driven decisions—no heavy coding needed.
  </Card>

  <Card icon={<LayoutTemplate className="text-blue-300" />} title='Embedded' href="/embedded">
    Bring the power of ByteChef directly into your product—embed the workflow builder, run automations behind the scenes, and let your users create workflows inside your app.
  </Card>

  <Card icon={<Blocks />} title='Developer Guide' href='/developer-guide/build-component/initial-setup'>
    Get started with building components/connectors, writing custom functions, and extending ByteChef. Everything you need to develop, test, and deploy powerful automations.
  </Card>

  <Card icon={<Terminal />} title='Reference' href='/reference'>
    Explore detailed docs on components, functions, workflow syntax, and platform APIs—your go-to source for ByteChef’s technical details.
  </Card>
</Cards>

<Callout title="Want to learn more?">
  Read our in-depth [Platform documentation](/platform/overview).
</Callout>

## Community support

For help, you can use one of these channels to ask a question:

- [Discord](https://discord.gg/VKvNxHjpYx) - Discussions with the community and the team.
- [GitHub](https://github.com/bytechefhq/bytechef/issues) - For bug reports and feature requests.
- [X/Twitter](https://twitter.com/bytechefhq) - Get the product updates easily.

## Roadmap

Check out our [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/bytechefhq/projects/3) to get informed of the latest features released and the upcoming ones.

### Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, kindly read our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/bytechefhq/bytechef/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn and understand about our development process, how to propose bug fixes and improvements, and how to build and test your changes to ByteChef.
