docs/content/docs/(getting-started)/quickstart.mdx, before:

---
title: "Quick Start"
description: "This guide walks you through the basics of ByteChef in a few minutes. You'll learn how to build a workflow quickly, so no much configuration needed."
---

In this tutorial, you'll learn:

- How to build a workflow quickly with ByteChef's Workflow Builder
- How to add and configure a component with data expressions
- How to execute workflow automations


## Pick Your Platform

You have two ways to use ByteChef:

- **[ByteChef Cloud](https://app.bytechef.io/)**: We host it. Zero installation. Best for testing and getting familiar with the platform. We'll use this for this guide.

- **Your own infrastructure (Self-Hosted)**: Deploy and run ByteChef yourself. Supported on:

  - [Docker](/self-hosting/docker)
  - [Kubernetes](/self-hosting/kubernetes)
  - [AWS EC2](/self-hosting/aws-ec2)
  - [AWS ECS](/self-hosting/aws-ecs)
  - [Azure Container Instance](/self-hosting/azure-container-instance)
  - [Google Cloud Run](/self-hosting/google-cloud-run)
  - [DigitalOcean](/self-hosting/digitalocean)

If you're ready to selfhost, you can pick any of the platforms above for detailed setup instructions.

In this quickstart guide, we'll be working with the Cloud instance so you can dive in immediately. You can switch to self-hosted instance anytime after you finish this guide.

## Step 1: Create a Project

- Go to your ByteChef dashboard on the [Cloud](https://app.bytechef.io/) or Self-hosted instance
- Click on `Create Project`
- Enter your project's name and description click `Create`

## Step 2: Create Your First Workflow

Inside your project:

- Click the <img 
    src="/addworkflow.png" 
    alt="add workflow" 
    width="100"
    height="20"
    style={{
      display: 'inline',
      verticalAlign: 'middle',
      margin: '0 4px'
    }}
  /> button in the project pane
- Give it a label (e.g., "Send Welcome Email")
- Click `Save`.

Now, you now have a blank canvas in your workflow; let's build something.

## Step 3: Add a Trigger

Every workflow in ByteChef starts with a trigger, it's the event that kicks off your automation.

- Click the **+** button on the canvas
- Search for and select Manual Trigger (this lets you start the workflow by testing or deploying)
- Click to confirm

<div style={{ width: '300px' }}>
  <img src="/manualtrigger.png" alt="manual trigger" style={{ width: '100%', height: 'auto' }} />
</div>

## Step 4: Add and Configure Your First Component

Now, let's add a component that does something. Let's use the Spotify component to create a playlist and share with your teammates on Slack. 

- Click the + icon after the Manual Trigger
- Search for Spotify
- Select **Spotify** and click to add it
- Select an action from the dropdown (the **Create Playlist** action)
- Configure the component:
  - Make a connection with the component by providing your Spotify Client ID and Client Secret
  - In the properties panel, provide the playlist name and description
  - Select if you want the playlist to be public or private
  - Select if you want the playlist to be collaborative or not
- Add the **Slack** component and select the **Send Channel Message** action
- Configure the component:
  - Make a connection with the component by providing your Slack Bot User OAuth Access Token
  - In the properties panel, provide the channel ID and message. 
  - In the message section of the Slack properties panel, click on the message tab and enter this expression:

```
🎵 New playlist created: Slack Shared Songs
Playlist:${spotify_1.external_urls.spotify}
Start adding your favorite songs!
```

## Step 5: Test Your Workflow

Click the test button at the top right corner of the workflow. ByteChef runs your workflow:

- The Manual Trigger activates the workflow
- The Spotify component creates a playlist
- The Slack component sends a message to a channel

You'll see the execution results below:

![workflow execution](/workflowexecution.png)

Check your configured Slack channel to see a message in Slack:

<div style={{ width: '400px' }}>
  <img src="/spotifyslackmessage.png" alt="slack message" style={{ width: '100%', height: 'auto' }} />
</div>

## What You've Built

Your workflow now looks like:

```
Manual Trigger → Spotify (Create Playlist) → Slack (Send Message)
```

The demo in this quickstart demonstrates the core concept of automation:

- **Trigger**: Something starts the workflow
- **Components**: Do the actual work (create, fetch, send)
- **Expressions**: Pull data between components using `{{ $json.fieldName }}`

## Next Steps

Here are a few things you can explore next:

- [Build Workflows](/automation/build-workflows)
- [Browse 200+ Components](/reference/components)
- [Deploy your workflow](/automation/deploy)
- [Monitor Executions](/automation/monitor)

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/(getting-started)/quickstart.mdx, after:

---
title: "Quick Start"
description: "Quick Start guide for ByteChef. Learn how to build your first workflow in minutes with Spotify and Slack integration examples."
---

In this tutorial, you'll learn:

- How to build a workflow quickly with ByteChef's Workflow Builder
- How to add and configure a component with data expressions
- How to execute workflow automations


## Pick Your Platform

You have two ways to use ByteChef:

- **[ByteChef Cloud](https://app.bytechef.io/)**: We host it. Zero installation. Best for testing and getting familiar with the platform. We'll use this for this guide.

- **Your own infrastructure (Self-Hosted)**: Deploy and run ByteChef yourself. Supported on:

  - [Docker](/self-hosting/deployment/local-docker)
  - [Kubernetes](/self-hosting/deployment/kubernetes)
  - [AWS EC2](/self-hosting/deployment/aws-ec2)
  - [Azure](/self-hosting/deployment/azure)
  - [GCP](/self-hosting/deployment/google-cloud)
  - [DigitalOcean](/self-hosting/deployment/digitalocean)

If you're ready to selfhost, you can pick any of the platforms above for detailed setup instructions.

In this quickstart guide, we'll be working with the Cloud instance so you can dive in immediately. You can switch to self-hosted instance anytime after you finish this guide.

## Step 1: Create a Project

- Go to your ByteChef dashboard on the [Cloud](https://app.bytechef.io/) or Self-hosted instance
- Click on `Create Project`
- Enter your project's name and description click `Create`

## Step 2: Create Your First Workflow

Inside your project:

- Click the <img 
    src="/addworkflow.png" 
    alt="add workflow" 
    width="100"
    height="20"
    style={{
      display: 'inline',
      verticalAlign: 'middle',
      margin: '0 4px'
    }}
  /> button in the project pane
- Give it a label (e.g., "Send Welcome Email")
- Click `Save`.

Now, you now have a blank canvas in your workflow; let's build something.

## Step 3: Add a Trigger

Every workflow in ByteChef starts with a trigger, it's the event that kicks off your automation.

- Click the **+** button on the canvas
- Search for and select Manual Trigger (this lets you start the workflow by testing or deploying)
- Click to confirm

<div style={{ width: '300px' }}>
  <img src="/manualtrigger.png" alt="manual trigger" style={{ width: '100%', height: 'auto' }} />
</div>

## Step 4: Add and Configure Your First Component

Now, let's add a component that does something. Let's use the Spotify component to create a playlist and share with your teammates on Slack. 

- Click the + icon after the Manual Trigger
- Search for Spotify
- Select **Spotify** and click to add it
- Select an action from the dropdown (the **Create Playlist** action)
- Configure the component:
  - Make a connection with the component by providing your Spotify Client ID and Client Secret
  - In the properties panel, provide the playlist name and description
  - Select if you want the playlist to be public or private
  - Select if you want the playlist to be collaborative or not
- Add the **Slack** component and select the **Send Channel Message** action
- Configure the component:
  - Make a connection with the component by providing your Slack Bot User OAuth Access Token
  - In the properties panel, provide the channel ID and message. 
  - In the message section of the Slack properties panel, click on the message tab and enter this expression:

```
🎵 New playlist created: Slack Shared Songs
Playlist:${spotify_1.external_urls.spotify}
Start adding your favorite songs!
```

## Step 5: Test Your Workflow

Click the test button at the top right corner of the workflow. ByteChef runs your workflow:

- The Manual Trigger activates the workflow
- The Spotify component creates a playlist
- The Slack component sends a message to a channel

You'll see the execution results below:

![workflow execution](/workflowexecution.png)

Check your configured Slack channel to see a message in Slack:

<div style={{ width: '400px' }}>
  <img src="/spotifyslackmessage.png" alt="slack message" style={{ width: '100%', height: 'auto' }} />
</div>

## What You've Built

Your workflow now looks like:

```
Manual Trigger → Spotify (Create Playlist) → Slack (Send Message)
```

The demo in this quickstart demonstrates the core concept of automation:

- **Trigger**: Something starts the workflow
- **Components**: Do the actual work (create, fetch, send)
- **Expressions**: Pull data between components using `{{ $json.fieldName }}`

## Workflow JSON Example

You can view and download the complete JSON representation of the workflow you just built from this link:

View this workflow's [JSON Example](https://www.npoint.io/docs/95e9a7405b87b7986698) and test in the Visual Workflow Builder.

This JSON file contains the complete workflow structure including:
- Manual Trigger configuration
- Spotify Create Playlist component setup
- Slack Send Message component with expressions
- Node connections and workflow flow

You can use this as a reference or import it directly into ByteChef to get started quickly.

## Next Steps

Here are a few things you can explore next:

- [Build Workflows](/automation/build/)
- [Browse 200+ Components](/reference/components)
- [Deploy your workflow](/automation/deploy)
- [Monitor Executions](/automation/monitor)
