docs/content/docs/reference/components/ai-image_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "AI Image"
description: "AI Helper component for image analysis and generation."
---


Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: aiImage/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Generate Image
Name: generateImage

`AI generate an image that you prompt.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| prompt | Prompt | STRING | Write your prompt for generating an image. | true |
| n | Number of Responses | INTEGER | The number of images to generate. Must be between 1 and 10. For dall-e-3, only n=1 is supported.. | false |
| size | Size | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>DALL_E_2_256x256</span>, <span>DALL_E_2_512x512</span>, <span>_1024x1024</span>, <span>DALL_E_3_1792x1024</span>, <span>DALL_E_3_1024x1792</span> </details> | The size of the generated images. | true |
| height | Height | INTEGER | Height of the image to generate, in pixels, in an increment divisible by 64. Engine-specific dimension validation applies. | true |
| width | Width | INTEGER | Width of the image to generate, in pixels, in an increment divisible by 64. Engine-specific dimension validation applies. | true |
| responseFormat | Response format | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>URL</span>, <span>B64_JSON</span> </details> | The format in which the generated images are returned. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Generate Image",
  "name" : "generateImage",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "prompt" : "",
    "n" : 1,
    "size" : "",
    "height" : 1,
    "width" : 1,
    "responseFormat" : ""
  },
  "type" : "aiImage/v1/generateImage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| url | STRING | URL of the generated image. |
| b64Json | STRING | Base64 encoded JSON of the generated image. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "url" : "",
  "b64Json" : ""
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/ai-image_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: 'description: Learn how to use AI Image in ByteChef. Comprehensive guide
  with examples'
title: AI Image
---

Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: aiImage/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Generate Image
Name: generateImage

`AI generate an image that you prompt.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| prompt | Prompt | STRING | Write your prompt for generating an image. | true |
| n | Number of Responses | INTEGER | The number of images to generate. Must be between 1 and 10. For dall-e-3, only n=1 is supported.. | false |
| size | Size | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>DALL_E_2_256x256</span>, <span>DALL_E_2_512x512</span>, <span>_1024x1024</span>, <span>DALL_E_3_1792x1024</span>, <span>DALL_E_3_1024x1792</span> </details> | The size of the generated images. | true |
| height | Height | INTEGER | Height of the image to generate, in pixels, in an increment divisible by 64. Engine-specific dimension validation applies. | true |
| width | Width | INTEGER | Width of the image to generate, in pixels, in an increment divisible by 64. Engine-specific dimension validation applies. | true |
| responseFormat | Response format | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>URL</span>, <span>B64_JSON</span> </details> | The format in which the generated images are returned. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Generate Image",
  "name" : "generateImage",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "prompt" : "",
    "n" : 1,
    "size" : "",
    "height" : 1,
    "width" : 1,
    "responseFormat" : ""
  },
  "type" : "aiImage/v1/generateImage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| url | STRING | URL of the generated image. |
| b64Json | STRING | Base64 encoded JSON of the generated image. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "url" : "",
  "b64Json" : ""
}
```
