docs/content/docs/reference/components/ai-text_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "AI Text"
description: "AI Helper component for text analysis and generation."
---


Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: aiText/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Classify Text
Name: classifyText

`AI reads, analyzes and classifies your text into one of defined categories.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | The model name to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | The text that is to be classified. | true |
| categories | Categories | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | A list of categories that the model can choose from. | true |
| examples | Examples | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | You can classify a few samples, to guide your model on how to classify the real data. | false |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Classify Text",
  "name" : "classifyText",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "categories" : [ "" ],
    "examples" : { },
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "aiText/v1/classifyText"
}
```

#### Output


___Sample Output:___

```sample category```



Type: STRING










### Sentiment Analysis
Name: sentimentAnalysis

`The sentiment of the text is typically categorized as POSITIVE, NEGATIVE, or NEUTRAL.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | The model name to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | The text that is to be classified. | true |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Sentiment Analysis",
  "name" : "sentimentAnalysis",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "aiText/v1/sentimentAnalysis"
}
```

#### Output


___Sample Output:___

```sample category```



Type: STRING










### Score
Name: score

`Scores the text based on several criteria`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | The model name to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | The text that is to be scored. | true |
| criteria | Criteria | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(criterion), NUMBER\(lowestScore), NUMBER\(highestScore), BOOLEAN\(isDecimal)&#125;] </details> |  | true |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Score",
  "name" : "score",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "criteria" : [ {
      "criterion" : "",
      "lowestScore" : 0.0,
      "highestScore" : 0.0,
      "isDecimal" : false
    } ],
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "aiText/v1/score"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Summarize Text
Name: summarizeText

`AI reads, analyzes and summarizes your text into a shorter format.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | The model name to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | The text that is to be summarized. | true |
| format | Format | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>STRUCTURED_SUMMARY</span>, <span>BRIEF_TITLE</span>, <span>CONCISE_SENTENCE</span>, <span>BULLETED_LIST</span>, <span>CUSTOM_PROMPT</span> </details> | In what format do you wish the text summarized? | true |
| prompt | Custom Prompt | STRING | Write your prompt for summarizing text. | true |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Summarize Text",
  "name" : "summarizeText",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "format" : "",
    "prompt" : "",
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "aiText/v1/summarizeText"
}
```

#### Output


___Sample Output:___

```sample summarized text```



Type: STRING










### Similarity Search
Name: similaritySearch

`Search through a large text and find the parts that are the most relevant. Returns a JSON list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | The model name to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | The text that is to be queried. | true |
| query | Query | STRING | The term you are looking for in the text. | true |
| numResults | Number of results | INTEGER | Number of relevant text sections that you want returned. | true |
| chunkSize | Chunk Size | INTEGER | Number of words around each relevant part of the result. | false |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Similarity Search",
  "name" : "similaritySearch",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "query" : "",
    "numResults" : 1,
    "chunkSize" : 1,
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "aiText/v1/similaritySearch"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Text Generation
Name: textGeneration

`AI generates text based on the given prompt.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | The model name to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint. | true |
| prompt | Prompt | STRING | Write your prompt for generating text. | true |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Text Generation",
  "name" : "textGeneration",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "prompt" : "",
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "aiText/v1/textGeneration"
}
```

#### Output


___Sample Output:___

```sample generated text.```



Type: STRING

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/ai-text_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: 'description: Learn how to use AI Text in ByteChef. Comprehensive guide
  with examples'
title: AI Text
---

Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: aiText/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Classify Text
Name: classifyText

`AI reads, analyzes and classifies your text into one of defined categories.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | The model name to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | The text that is to be classified. | true |
| categories | Categories | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | A list of categories that the model can choose from. | true |
| examples | Examples | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | You can classify a few samples, to guide your model on how to classify the real data. | false |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Classify Text",
  "name" : "classifyText",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "categories" : [ "" ],
    "examples" : { },
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "aiText/v1/classifyText"
}
```

#### Output


___Sample Output:___

```sample category```



Type: STRING








### Sentiment Analysis
Name: sentimentAnalysis

`The sentiment of the text is typically categorized as POSITIVE, NEGATIVE, or NEUTRAL.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | The model name to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | The text that is to be classified. | true |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Sentiment Analysis",
  "name" : "sentimentAnalysis",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "aiText/v1/sentimentAnalysis"
}
```

#### Output


___Sample Output:___

```sample category```



Type: STRING








### Score
Name: score

`Scores the text based on several criteria`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | The model name to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | The text that is to be scored. | true |
| criteria | Criteria | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(criterion), NUMBER\(lowestScore), NUMBER\(highestScore), BOOLEAN\(isDecimal)&#125;] </details> |  | true |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Score",
  "name" : "score",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "criteria" : [ {
      "criterion" : "",
      "lowestScore" : 0.0,
      "highestScore" : 0.0,
      "isDecimal" : false
    } ],
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "aiText/v1/score"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Summarize Text
Name: summarizeText

`AI reads, analyzes and summarizes your text into a shorter format.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | The model name to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | The text that is to be summarized. | true |
| format | Format | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>STRUCTURED_SUMMARY</span>, <span>BRIEF_TITLE</span>, <span>CONCISE_SENTENCE</span>, <span>BULLETED_LIST</span>, <span>CUSTOM_PROMPT</span> </details> | In what format do you wish the text summarized? | true |
| prompt | Custom Prompt | STRING | Write your prompt for summarizing text. | true |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Summarize Text",
  "name" : "summarizeText",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "format" : "",
    "prompt" : "",
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "aiText/v1/summarizeText"
}
```

#### Output


___Sample Output:___

```sample summarized text```



Type: STRING








### Similarity Search
Name: similaritySearch

`Search through a large text and find the parts that are the most relevant. Returns a JSON list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | The model name to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | The text that is to be queried. | true |
| query | Query | STRING | The term you are looking for in the text. | true |
| numResults | Number of results | INTEGER | Number of relevant text sections that you want returned. | true |
| chunkSize | Chunk Size | INTEGER | Number of words around each relevant part of the result. | false |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Similarity Search",
  "name" : "similaritySearch",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "query" : "",
    "numResults" : 1,
    "chunkSize" : 1,
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "aiText/v1/similaritySearch"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Text Generation
Name: textGeneration

`AI generates text based on the given prompt.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| provider | Provider | STRING |  | true |
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> provider </details> | The model name to use. | true |
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| model | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint. | true |
| prompt | Prompt | STRING | Write your prompt for generating text. | true |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Text Generation",
  "name" : "textGeneration",
  "parameters" : {
    "provider" : "",
    "model" : "",
    "prompt" : "",
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "aiText/v1/textGeneration"
}
```

#### Output


___Sample Output:___

```sample generated text.```



Type: STRING
