docs/content/docs/reference/components/csv-file_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "CSV File"
description: "Reads and writes data from a csv file."
---


Categories: Helpers


Type: csvFile/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Read from File
Name: read

`Reads data from a csv file.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileEntry | File Entry | FILE_ENTRY | The object property which contains a reference to the csv file to read from. | true |
| delimiter | Delimiter | STRING | Character used to separate values within the line red from the CSV file. | false |
| enclosingCharacter | Enclosing Character | STRING | Character used to wrap/enclose values. It is usually applied to complex CSV files where values may include delimiter characters. | false |
| headerRow | Header Row | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | The first row of the file contains the header names. | false |
| includeEmptyCells | Include Empty Cells | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | When reading from file the empty cells will be filled with an empty string. | false |
| pageSize | Page Size | INTEGER | The amount of child elements to return in a page. | false |
| pageNumber | Page Number | INTEGER | The page number to get. | false |
| readAsString | Read as String | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | In some cases and file formats, it is necessary to read data specifically as string, otherwise some special characters are interpreted the wrong way. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Read from File",
  "name" : "read",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileEntry" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    },
    "delimiter" : "",
    "enclosingCharacter" : "",
    "headerRow" : false,
    "includeEmptyCells" : false,
    "pageSize" : 1,
    "pageNumber" : 1,
    "readAsString" : false
  },
  "type" : "csvFile/v1/read"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Write to CSV File
Name: write

`Writes the data records into a CSV file. Record values are assembled into line and separated with arbitrary character, mostly comma. CSV may or may not define header line.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| rows | Rows | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#125;] </details> | The array of rows to append to the file. | true |
| filename | Filename | STRING | Filename to set for binary data. By default, "file.csv" will be used. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Write to CSV File",
  "name" : "write",
  "parameters" : {
    "rows" : [ { } ],
    "filename" : ""
  },
  "type" : "csvFile/v1/write"
}
```

#### Output



Type: FILE_ENTRY


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| extension | STRING |  |
| mimeType | STRING |  |
| name | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "extension" : "",
  "mimeType" : "",
  "name" : "",
  "url" : ""
}
```




### Append to CSV File
Name: append

`Appends the data records into an existing CSV file. Record values are assembled into a line and separated with a delimiter (comma by default). The existing header (if any) is preserved.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileEntry | File Entry | FILE_ENTRY | The object property which contains a reference to the csv file to append to. | true |
| rows | Rows | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#125;] </details> | The array of rows to append to the file. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Append to CSV File",
  "name" : "append",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileEntry" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    },
    "rows" : [ { } ]
  },
  "type" : "csvFile/v1/append"
}
```

#### Output



Type: FILE_ENTRY


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| extension | STRING |  |
| mimeType | STRING |  |
| name | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "extension" : "",
  "mimeType" : "",
  "name" : "",
  "url" : ""
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/csv-file_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "CSV File component. Read and write CSV data in ByteChef. Integrate CSV files with databases and APIs. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef automation."
title: CSV File
---

Categories: Helpers


Type: csvFile/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Read from File
Name: read

`Reads data from a csv file.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileEntry | File Entry | FILE_ENTRY | The object property which contains a reference to the csv file to read from. | true |
| delimiter | Delimiter | STRING | Character used to separate values within the line red from the CSV file. | false |
| enclosingCharacter | Enclosing Character | STRING | Character used to wrap/enclose values. It is usually applied to complex CSV files where values may include delimiter characters. | false |
| headerRow | Header Row | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | The first row of the file contains the header names. | false |
| includeEmptyCells | Include Empty Cells | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | When reading from file the empty cells will be filled with an empty string. | false |
| pageSize | Page Size | INTEGER | The amount of child elements to return in a page. | false |
| pageNumber | Page Number | INTEGER | The page number to get. | false |
| readAsString | Read as String | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | In some cases and file formats, it is necessary to read data specifically as string, otherwise some special characters are interpreted the wrong way. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Read from File",
  "name" : "read",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileEntry" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    },
    "delimiter" : "",
    "enclosingCharacter" : "",
    "headerRow" : false,
    "includeEmptyCells" : false,
    "pageSize" : 1,
    "pageNumber" : 1,
    "readAsString" : false
  },
  "type" : "csvFile/v1/read"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Write to CSV File
Name: write

`Writes the data records into a CSV file. Record values are assembled into line and separated with arbitrary character, mostly comma. CSV may or may not define header line.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| rows | Rows | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#125;] </details> | The array of rows to append to the file. | true |
| filename | Filename | STRING | Filename to set for binary data. By default, "file.csv" will be used. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Write to CSV File",
  "name" : "write",
  "parameters" : {
    "rows" : [ { } ],
    "filename" : ""
  },
  "type" : "csvFile/v1/write"
}
```

#### Output



Type: FILE_ENTRY


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| extension | STRING |  |
| mimeType | STRING |  |
| name | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "extension" : "",
  "mimeType" : "",
  "name" : "",
  "url" : ""
}
```


### Append to CSV File
Name: append

`Appends the data records into an existing CSV file. Record values are assembled into a line and separated with a delimiter (comma by default). The existing header (if any) is preserved.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileEntry | File Entry | FILE_ENTRY | The object property which contains a reference to the csv file to append to. | true |
| rows | Rows | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#125;] </details> | The array of rows to append to the file. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Append to CSV File",
  "name" : "append",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileEntry" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    },
    "rows" : [ { } ]
  },
  "type" : "csvFile/v1/append"
}
```

#### Output



Type: FILE_ENTRY


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| extension | STRING |  |
| mimeType | STRING |  |
| name | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "extension" : "",
  "mimeType" : "",
  "name" : "",
  "url" : ""
}
```
