docs/content/docs/reference/components/file-storage_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "File Storage"
description: "Reads and writes data from a file stored inside the file storage."
---


Categories: File Storage, Helpers


Type: fileStorage/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Read from File as String
Name: read

`Reads data from the file as string.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileEntry | File Entry | FILE_ENTRY | The file object which contains content of the file to read from. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Read from File as String",
  "name" : "read",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileEntry" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "fileStorage/v1/read"
}
```

#### Output


___Sample Output:___

```Sample content```



Type: STRING










### Write to File
Name: write

`Writes the data to the file.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| content | Content | STRING | String to write to the file. | true |
| filename | Filename | STRING | Filename to set for data. By default, "file.txt" will be used. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Write to File",
  "name" : "write",
  "parameters" : {
    "content" : "",
    "filename" : ""
  },
  "type" : "fileStorage/v1/write"
}
```

#### Output



Type: FILE_ENTRY


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| extension | STRING |  |
| mimeType | STRING |  |
| name | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "extension" : "",
  "mimeType" : "",
  "name" : "",
  "url" : ""
}
```




### Download File
Name: download

`Download a file from the URL.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| url | URL | STRING | The URL to download a file from. | true |
| filename | Filename | STRING | Filename to set for data. By default, "file.txt" will be used. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Download File",
  "name" : "download",
  "parameters" : {
    "url" : "",
    "filename" : ""
  },
  "type" : "fileStorage/v1/download"
}
```

#### Output



Type: FILE_ENTRY


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| extension | STRING |  |
| mimeType | STRING |  |
| name | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "extension" : "",
  "mimeType" : "",
  "name" : "",
  "url" : ""
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/file-storage_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "File Storage integration for ByteChef. Connect and automate with this service in your workflows. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef automation."
title: File Storage
---

Categories: File Storage, Helpers


Type: fileStorage/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Read from File as String
Name: read

`Reads data from the file as string.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileEntry | File Entry | FILE_ENTRY | The file object which contains content of the file to read from. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Read from File as String",
  "name" : "read",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileEntry" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "fileStorage/v1/read"
}
```

#### Output


___Sample Output:___

```Sample content```



Type: STRING








### Write to File
Name: write

`Writes the data to the file.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| content | Content | STRING | String to write to the file. | true |
| filename | Filename | STRING | Filename to set for data. By default, "file.txt" will be used. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Write to File",
  "name" : "write",
  "parameters" : {
    "content" : "",
    "filename" : ""
  },
  "type" : "fileStorage/v1/write"
}
```

#### Output



Type: FILE_ENTRY


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| extension | STRING |  |
| mimeType | STRING |  |
| name | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "extension" : "",
  "mimeType" : "",
  "name" : "",
  "url" : ""
}
```


### Download File
Name: download

`Download a file from the URL.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| url | URL | STRING | The URL to download a file from. | true |
| filename | Filename | STRING | Filename to set for data. By default, "file.txt" will be used. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Download File",
  "name" : "download",
  "parameters" : {
    "url" : "",
    "filename" : ""
  },
  "type" : "fileStorage/v1/download"
}
```

#### Output



Type: FILE_ENTRY


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| extension | STRING |  |
| mimeType | STRING |  |
| name | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "extension" : "",
  "mimeType" : "",
  "name" : "",
  "url" : ""
}
```
