docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-chat_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Google Chat"
description: "Google Chat is an intelligent and secure communication and collaboration tool, built for teams."
---


Categories: Communication


Type: googleChat/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Google Chat API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "google chat api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Google Chat API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/4840c5c7-bb9a-4c7d-8035-772d3162398a?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Create Message
Name: createMessage

`Creates a new message in selected space.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| SPACE | Space | STRING | Space in which the message will be created. | true |
| text | Message Text | STRING | Text of the message. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Message",
  "name" : "createMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "SPACE" : "",
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleChat/v1/createMessage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | Name of the message that was created. |
| sender | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(type)&#125; </details> | Sender of the message. |
| createTime | STRING | Time when the message was created. |
| text | STRING | Text of the message. |
| thread | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(name)&#125; </details> |  |
| space | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(name)&#125; </details> |  |
| argumentText | STRING |  |
| formattedText | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "name" : "",
  "sender" : {
    "name" : "",
    "type" : ""
  },
  "createTime" : "",
  "text" : "",
  "thread" : {
    "name" : ""
  },
  "space" : {
    "name" : ""
  },
  "argumentText" : "",
  "formattedText" : ""
}
```




### Create Space
Name: createSpace

`Creates space in Google Chat.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| displayName | Space Name | STRING | Name of the space to create. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Space",
  "name" : "createSpace",
  "parameters" : {
    "displayName" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleChat/v1/createSpace"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | Name of the space that was created. |
| type | STRING | Type of the space. |
| displayName | STRING | Name of the space that will be displayed. |
| spaceThreadingState | STRING |  |
| spaceType | STRING |  |
| spaceHistoryState | STRING |  |
| createTime | STRING |  |
| lastActiveTime | STRING |  |
| membershipCount | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> |  |
| accessSettings | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(accessSettings)&#125; </details> |  |
| spaceUri | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "name" : "",
  "type" : "",
  "displayName" : "",
  "spaceThreadingState" : "",
  "spaceType" : "",
  "spaceHistoryState" : "",
  "createTime" : "",
  "lastActiveTime" : "",
  "membershipCount" : { },
  "accessSettings" : {
    "accessSettings" : ""
  },
  "spaceUri" : ""
}
```






<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-chat_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Google Chat component for ByteChef. Team messaging and collaboration. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Google Chat
---

Categories: Communication


Type: googleChat/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Message
Name: createMessage

`Creates a new message in selected space.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| SPACE | Space | STRING | Space in which the message will be created. | true |
| text | Message Text | STRING | Text of the message. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Message",
  "name" : "createMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "SPACE" : "",
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleChat/v1/createMessage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | Name of the message that was created. |
| sender | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(type)&#125; </details> | Sender of the message. |
| createTime | STRING | Time when the message was created. |
| text | STRING | Text of the message. |
| thread | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(name)&#125; </details> |  |
| space | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(name)&#125; </details> |  |
| argumentText | STRING |  |
| formattedText | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "name" : "",
  "sender" : {
    "name" : "",
    "type" : ""
  },
  "createTime" : "",
  "text" : "",
  "thread" : {
    "name" : ""
  },
  "space" : {
    "name" : ""
  },
  "argumentText" : "",
  "formattedText" : ""
}
```


### Create Space
Name: createSpace

`Creates space in Google Chat.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| displayName | Space Name | STRING | Name of the space to create. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Space",
  "name" : "createSpace",
  "parameters" : {
    "displayName" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleChat/v1/createSpace"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | Name of the space that was created. |
| type | STRING | Type of the space. |
| displayName | STRING | Name of the space that will be displayed. |
| spaceThreadingState | STRING |  |
| spaceType | STRING |  |
| spaceHistoryState | STRING |  |
| createTime | STRING |  |
| lastActiveTime | STRING |  |
| membershipCount | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> |  |
| accessSettings | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(accessSettings)&#125; </details> |  |
| spaceUri | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "name" : "",
  "type" : "",
  "displayName" : "",
  "spaceThreadingState" : "",
  "spaceType" : "",
  "spaceHistoryState" : "",
  "createTime" : "",
  "lastActiveTime" : "",
  "membershipCount" : { },
  "accessSettings" : {
    "accessSettings" : ""
  },
  "spaceUri" : ""
}
```




<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Google Chat API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "google chat api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Google Chat API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/4840c5c7-bb9a-4c7d-8035-772d3162398a?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)
