docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-tasks_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Google Tasks"
description: "Google Tasks is a cloud-based task management tool that allows users to create, edit, and organize to-do lists, set deadlines, and track tasks across devices in real-time."
---


Categories: Productivity and Collaboration


Type: googleTasks/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Google Tasks API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "google tasks api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Google Tasks API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zindex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/KXgBAQJrLICQjFAeVlcT?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Create Task
Name: createTask

`Creates a new task on the specified task list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| title | Title | STRING | Title of the new task to be created. | true |
| listId | List ID | STRING | ID of the list where the new task will be stored. | true |
| status | Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Issues needs action.">needsAction</span>, <span title="Issues is completed.">completed</span> </details> | Status of the task. | true |
| notes | Notes | STRING | Notes describing the task. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Task",
  "name" : "createTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "title" : "",
    "listId" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "notes" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleTasks/v1/createTask"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | Task identifier. |
| title | STRING | Title of the task. |
| notes | STRING | Notes describing the task. |
| status | STRING | Status of the task. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "notes" : "",
  "status" : ""
}
```




### List Tasks
Name: listTasks

`Returns all tasks in the specified task list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| listId | List ID | STRING | ID of the list where tasks are stored. | true |
| showCompleted | Show completed | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Show also completed tasks. By default both completed task and task that needs action will be shown. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "List Tasks",
  "name" : "listTasks",
  "parameters" : {
    "listId" : "",
    "showCompleted" : false
  },
  "type" : "googleTasks/v1/listTasks"
}
```

#### Output



Type: ARRAY


Items Type: OBJECT


#### Properties
|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | Task identifier. |
| title | STRING | Title of the task. |
| notes | STRING | Notes describing the task. |
| status | STRING | Status of the task. |





#### Output Example
```json
[ {
  "id" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "notes" : "",
  "status" : ""
} ]
```




### Update Task
Name: updateTask

`Updates a specific task on the specified task list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| listId | List ID | STRING | ID of the list where specific task is stored. | true |
| taskId | Task ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> listId </details> | ID of the task to update. | true |
| title | Title | STRING | Title of the task to be updated. If empty, title will not be changed. | false |
| status | Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Issues needs action.">needsAction</span>, <span title="Issues is completed.">completed</span> </details> | Status of the task. If empty, status will not be changed. | false |
| notes | Notes | STRING | Notes describing the task. If empty, notes will not be changed. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Task",
  "name" : "updateTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "listId" : "",
    "taskId" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "notes" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleTasks/v1/updateTask"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | Task identifier. |
| title | STRING | Title of the task. |
| notes | STRING | Notes describing the task. |
| status | STRING | Status of the task. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "notes" : "",
  "status" : ""
}
```





## Triggers


### New Task
Name: newTask

`Triggers when a new task is added.`

Type: POLLING

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| listId | List ID | STRING | ID of the list where new task is added. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | Task identifier. |
| title | STRING | Title of the task. |
| notes | STRING | Notes describing the task. |
| status | STRING | Status of the task. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Task",
  "name" : "newTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "listId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleTasks/v1/newTask"
}
```





## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-tasks_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Google Tasks component for ByteChef. Task management. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Google Tasks
---

Categories: Productivity and Collaboration


Type: googleTasks/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Task
Name: createTask

`Creates a new task on the specified task list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| title | Title | STRING | Title of the new task to be created. | true |
| listId | List ID | STRING | ID of the list where the new task will be stored. | true |
| status | Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Issues needs action.">needsAction</span>, <span title="Issues is completed.">completed</span> </details> | Status of the task. | true |
| notes | Notes | STRING | Notes describing the task. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Task",
  "name" : "createTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "title" : "",
    "listId" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "notes" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleTasks/v1/createTask"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | Task identifier. |
| title | STRING | Title of the task. |
| notes | STRING | Notes describing the task. |
| status | STRING | Status of the task. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "notes" : "",
  "status" : ""
}
```


### List Tasks
Name: listTasks

`Returns all tasks in the specified task list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| listId | List ID | STRING | ID of the list where tasks are stored. | true |
| showCompleted | Show completed | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Show also completed tasks. By default both completed task and task that needs action will be shown. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "List Tasks",
  "name" : "listTasks",
  "parameters" : {
    "listId" : "",
    "showCompleted" : false
  },
  "type" : "googleTasks/v1/listTasks"
}
```

#### Output



Type: ARRAY


Items Type: OBJECT


#### Properties
|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | Task identifier. |
| title | STRING | Title of the task. |
| notes | STRING | Notes describing the task. |
| status | STRING | Status of the task. |





#### Output Example
```json
[ {
  "id" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "notes" : "",
  "status" : ""
} ]
```


### Update Task
Name: updateTask

`Updates a specific task on the specified task list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| listId | List ID | STRING | ID of the list where specific task is stored. | true |
| taskId | Task ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> listId </details> | ID of the task to update. | true |
| title | Title | STRING | Title of the task to be updated. If empty, title will not be changed. | false |
| status | Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Issues needs action.">needsAction</span>, <span title="Issues is completed.">completed</span> </details> | Status of the task. If empty, status will not be changed. | false |
| notes | Notes | STRING | Notes describing the task. If empty, notes will not be changed. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Task",
  "name" : "updateTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "listId" : "",
    "taskId" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "notes" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleTasks/v1/updateTask"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | Task identifier. |
| title | STRING | Title of the task. |
| notes | STRING | Notes describing the task. |
| status | STRING | Status of the task. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "notes" : "",
  "status" : ""
}
```



## Triggers


### New Task
Name: newTask

`Triggers when a new task is added.`

Type: POLLING

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| listId | List ID | STRING | ID of the list where new task is added. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | Task identifier. |
| title | STRING | Title of the task. |
| notes | STRING | Notes describing the task. |
| status | STRING | Status of the task. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Task",
  "name" : "newTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "listId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleTasks/v1/newTask"
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Google Tasks API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "google tasks api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Google Tasks API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/KXgBAQJrLICQjFAeVlcT?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)
