docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-photos_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Google Photos"
description: "Google Photos is a photo sharing and storage service."
---


Categories: File Storage


Type: googlePhotos/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Google Photos API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "google photos library api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Google Photos Library API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zindex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/st6rRToaukvGyoicvSY8?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Create Album
Name: createAlbum

`Creates an album in a user's Google Photos library.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| title | Title | STRING | Name of the album. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Album",
  "name" : "createAlbum",
  "parameters" : {
    "title" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googlePhotos/v1/createAlbum"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | Identifier for the album. |
| title | STRING | Name of the album. |
| productUrl | STRING | Google Photos URL for the album. |
| isWriteable | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | True if you can create media items in this album. |
| shareInfo | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#123;BOOLEAN\(isCollaborative), BOOLEAN\(isCommentable)&#125;\(sharedAlbumOptions), STRING\(shareableUrl), STRING\(shareToken), BOOLEAN\(isJoined), BOOLEAN\(isOwned), BOOLEAN\(isJoinable)&#125; </details> |  |
| mediaItemsCount | STRING | The number of media items in the album. |
| coverPhotoBaseUrl | STRING | A URL to the cover photo's bytes. |
| coverPhotoMediaItemId | STRING | Identifier for the media item associated with the cover photo. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "productUrl" : "",
  "isWriteable" : false,
  "shareInfo" : {
    "sharedAlbumOptions" : {
      "isCollaborative" : false,
      "isCommentable" : false
    },
    "shareableUrl" : "",
    "shareToken" : "",
    "isJoined" : false,
    "isOwned" : false,
    "isJoinable" : false
  },
  "mediaItemsCount" : "",
  "coverPhotoBaseUrl" : "",
  "coverPhotoMediaItemId" : ""
}
```




### Get Album
Name: getAlbum

`Returns the app created album based on the specified albumId.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| albumId | Album ID | STRING | Identifier of the album to be requested. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Album",
  "name" : "getAlbum",
  "parameters" : {
    "albumId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googlePhotos/v1/getAlbum"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | Identifier for the album. |
| title | STRING | Name of the album. |
| productUrl | STRING | Google Photos URL for the album. |
| isWriteable | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | True if you can create media items in this album. |
| shareInfo | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#123;BOOLEAN\(isCollaborative), BOOLEAN\(isCommentable)&#125;\(sharedAlbumOptions), STRING\(shareableUrl), STRING\(shareToken), BOOLEAN\(isJoined), BOOLEAN\(isOwned), BOOLEAN\(isJoinable)&#125; </details> |  |
| mediaItemsCount | STRING | The number of media items in the album. |
| coverPhotoBaseUrl | STRING | A URL to the cover photo's bytes. |
| coverPhotoMediaItemId | STRING | Identifier for the media item associated with the cover photo. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "productUrl" : "",
  "isWriteable" : false,
  "shareInfo" : {
    "sharedAlbumOptions" : {
      "isCollaborative" : false,
      "isCommentable" : false
    },
    "shareableUrl" : "",
    "shareToken" : "",
    "isJoined" : false,
    "isOwned" : false,
    "isJoinable" : false
  },
  "mediaItemsCount" : "",
  "coverPhotoBaseUrl" : "",
  "coverPhotoMediaItemId" : ""
}
```




### Upload Media
Name: uploadMedia

`Upload media to an album in a user's Google Photos library.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| albumId | Album ID | STRING | Identifier of the album where the media items are added. | true |
| media | Media | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;FILE_ENTRY\(fileEntry), STRING\(fileName)&#125;] </details> | Media files to upload to album. Photos and videos are supported. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Upload Media",
  "name" : "uploadMedia",
  "parameters" : {
    "albumId" : "",
    "media" : [ {
      "fileEntry" : {
        "extension" : "",
        "mimeType" : "",
        "name" : "",
        "url" : ""
      },
      "fileName" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "googlePhotos/v1/uploadMedia"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| newMediaItemResults | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(uploadToken), &#123;INTEGER\(code), STRING\(message), [&#123;&#125;]\(details)&#125;\(status), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(description), STRING\(productUrl), STRING\(baseUrl), STRING\(mimeType), &#123;STRING\(creationTime), STRING\(width), STRING\(height), &#123;STRING\(cameraMake), STRING\(cameraModel), NUMBER\(focalLength), NUMBER\(apertureFNumber), INTEGER\(isoEquivalent), STRING\(exposureTime)&#125;\(photo), &#123;STRING\(cameraMake), STRING\(cameraModel), NUMBER\(fps), STRING\(status)&#125;\(video)&#125;\(mediaMetadata), &#123;STRING\(profilePictureBaseUrl), STRING\(displayName)&#125;\(contributorInfo), STRING\(filename)&#125;\(mediaItem)&#125;] </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "newMediaItemResults" : [ {
    "uploadToken" : "",
    "status" : {
      "code" : 1,
      "message" : "",
      "details" : [ { } ]
    },
    "mediaItem" : {
      "id" : "",
      "description" : "",
      "productUrl" : "",
      "baseUrl" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "mediaMetadata" : {
        "creationTime" : "",
        "width" : "",
        "height" : "",
        "photo" : {
          "cameraMake" : "",
          "cameraModel" : "",
          "focalLength" : 0.0,
          "apertureFNumber" : 0.0,
          "isoEquivalent" : 1,
          "exposureTime" : ""
        },
        "video" : {
          "cameraMake" : "",
          "cameraModel" : "",
          "fps" : 0.0,
          "status" : ""
        }
      },
      "contributorInfo" : {
        "profilePictureBaseUrl" : "",
        "displayName" : ""
      },
      "filename" : ""
    }
  } ]
}
```






<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-photos_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Google Photos component for ByteChef. Upload, organize, and automate photo management in your workflows."
title: Google Photos
---

Categories: File Storage


Type: googlePhotos/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Album
Name: createAlbum

`Creates an album in a user's Google Photos library.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| title | Title | STRING | Name of the album. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Album",
  "name" : "createAlbum",
  "parameters" : {
    "title" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googlePhotos/v1/createAlbum"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | Identifier for the album. |
| title | STRING | Name of the album. |
| productUrl | STRING | Google Photos URL for the album. |
| isWriteable | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | True if you can create media items in this album. |
| shareInfo | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#123;BOOLEAN\(isCollaborative), BOOLEAN\(isCommentable)&#125;\(sharedAlbumOptions), STRING\(shareableUrl), STRING\(shareToken), BOOLEAN\(isJoined), BOOLEAN\(isOwned), BOOLEAN\(isJoinable)&#125; </details> |  |
| mediaItemsCount | STRING | The number of media items in the album. |
| coverPhotoBaseUrl | STRING | A URL to the cover photo's bytes. |
| coverPhotoMediaItemId | STRING | Identifier for the media item associated with the cover photo. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "productUrl" : "",
  "isWriteable" : false,
  "shareInfo" : {
    "sharedAlbumOptions" : {
      "isCollaborative" : false,
      "isCommentable" : false
    },
    "shareableUrl" : "",
    "shareToken" : "",
    "isJoined" : false,
    "isOwned" : false,
    "isJoinable" : false
  },
  "mediaItemsCount" : "",
  "coverPhotoBaseUrl" : "",
  "coverPhotoMediaItemId" : ""
}
```


### Get Album
Name: getAlbum

`Returns the app created album based on the specified albumId.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| albumId | Album ID | STRING | Identifier of the album to be requested. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Album",
  "name" : "getAlbum",
  "parameters" : {
    "albumId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googlePhotos/v1/getAlbum"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | Identifier for the album. |
| title | STRING | Name of the album. |
| productUrl | STRING | Google Photos URL for the album. |
| isWriteable | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | True if you can create media items in this album. |
| shareInfo | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#123;BOOLEAN\(isCollaborative), BOOLEAN\(isCommentable)&#125;\(sharedAlbumOptions), STRING\(shareableUrl), STRING\(shareToken), BOOLEAN\(isJoined), BOOLEAN\(isOwned), BOOLEAN\(isJoinable)&#125; </details> |  |
| mediaItemsCount | STRING | The number of media items in the album. |
| coverPhotoBaseUrl | STRING | A URL to the cover photo's bytes. |
| coverPhotoMediaItemId | STRING | Identifier for the media item associated with the cover photo. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "productUrl" : "",
  "isWriteable" : false,
  "shareInfo" : {
    "sharedAlbumOptions" : {
      "isCollaborative" : false,
      "isCommentable" : false
    },
    "shareableUrl" : "",
    "shareToken" : "",
    "isJoined" : false,
    "isOwned" : false,
    "isJoinable" : false
  },
  "mediaItemsCount" : "",
  "coverPhotoBaseUrl" : "",
  "coverPhotoMediaItemId" : ""
}
```


### Upload Media
Name: uploadMedia

`Upload media to an album in a user's Google Photos library.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| albumId | Album ID | STRING | Identifier of the album where the media items are added. | true |
| media | Media | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;FILE_ENTRY\(fileEntry), STRING\(fileName)&#125;] </details> | Media files to upload to album. Photos and videos are supported. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Upload Media",
  "name" : "uploadMedia",
  "parameters" : {
    "albumId" : "",
    "media" : [ {
      "fileEntry" : {
        "extension" : "",
        "mimeType" : "",
        "name" : "",
        "url" : ""
      },
      "fileName" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "googlePhotos/v1/uploadMedia"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| newMediaItemResults | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(uploadToken), &#123;INTEGER\(code), STRING\(message), [&#123;&#125;]\(details)&#125;\(status), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(description), STRING\(productUrl), STRING\(baseUrl), STRING\(mimeType), &#123;STRING\(creationTime), STRING\(width), STRING\(height), &#123;STRING\(cameraMake), STRING\(cameraModel), NUMBER\(focalLength), NUMBER\(apertureFNumber), INTEGER\(isoEquivalent), STRING\(exposureTime)&#125;\(photo), &#123;STRING\(cameraMake), STRING\(cameraModel), NUMBER\(fps), STRING\(status)&#125;\(video)&#125;\(mediaMetadata), &#123;STRING\(profilePictureBaseUrl), STRING\(displayName)&#125;\(contributorInfo), STRING\(filename)&#125;\(mediaItem)&#125;] </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "newMediaItemResults" : [ {
    "uploadToken" : "",
    "status" : {
      "code" : 1,
      "message" : "",
      "details" : [ { } ]
    },
    "mediaItem" : {
      "id" : "",
      "description" : "",
      "productUrl" : "",
      "baseUrl" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "mediaMetadata" : {
        "creationTime" : "",
        "width" : "",
        "height" : "",
        "photo" : {
          "cameraMake" : "",
          "cameraModel" : "",
          "focalLength" : 0.0,
          "apertureFNumber" : 0.0,
          "isoEquivalent" : 1,
          "exposureTime" : ""
        },
        "video" : {
          "cameraMake" : "",
          "cameraModel" : "",
          "fps" : 0.0,
          "status" : ""
        }
      },
      "contributorInfo" : {
        "profilePictureBaseUrl" : "",
        "displayName" : ""
      },
      "filename" : ""
    }
  } ]
}
```




<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Google Photos API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "google photos library api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Google Photos Library API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/st6rRToaukvGyoicvSY8?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)
