docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-bigquery_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Google BigQuery"
description: "Google BigQuery is the autonomous data to AI platform, automating the entire data life cycle, from ingestion to AI-driven insights, so you can go from data to AI to action faster."
---


Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: googleBigQuery/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable BigQuery API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Click on **APIs & Services**.
3. Enter **bigquery** into search bar and press enter.
4. Click on **BigQuery API**.
5. Click on **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/1a93fe01-973c-4185-97c1-073b2cb03d1c?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Query
Name: query

`Runs a BigQuery SQL query synchronously and returns query results if the query completes within a specified timeout.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| projectId | Project ID | STRING | Project ID of the query request. | true |
| query | Query | STRING | Required. A query string to execute, using Google Standard SQL or legacy SQL syntax. Example: "SELECT COUNT(f1) FROM myProjectId.myDatasetId.myTableId". | true |
| maxResults | Max Results | INTEGER | The maximum number of rows of data to return per page of results. | false |
| timeoutMs | Timeout | INTEGER | Specifies the maximum amount of time, in milliseconds, that the client is willing to wait for the query to complete. By default, this limit is 10 seconds (10,000 milliseconds). | false |
| dryRun | Dry Run | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | If set to true, BigQuery doesn't run the job. Instead, if the query is valid, BigQuery returns statistics about the job such as how many bytes would be processed. | false |
| createSession | Create Session | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | If true, creates a new session using a randomly generated sessionId. If false, runs query with an existing sessionId passed in ConnectionProperty. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Query",
  "name" : "query",
  "parameters" : {
    "projectId" : "",
    "query" : "",
    "maxResults" : 1,
    "timeoutMs" : 1,
    "dryRun" : false,
    "createSession" : false
  },
  "type" : "googleBigQuery/v1/query"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| kind | STRING | The resource type. |
| schema | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;[&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(type), STRING\(mode), []\(fields), STRING\(description), &#123;[STRING]\(names)&#125;\(policyTags), &#123;STRING\(name)&#125;\(dataPolicies), STRING\(maxLength), STRING\(precision), STRING\(scale), STRING\(roundingMode), STRING\(collation), STRING\(defaultValueExpression), &#123;STRING\(type)&#125;\(rangeElementType)&#125;]\(fields)&#125; </details> | The schema of the results. Present only when the query completes successfully. |
| objectReference | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(projectId), STRING\(jobId), STRING\(location)&#125; </details> | Reference to the Job that was created to run the query. |
| jobCreationReason | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(code)&#125; </details> | The reason why a Job was created. |
| queryId | STRING | Auto-generated ID for the query. |
| location | STRING | The geographic location of the query. |
| totalRows | STRING | The total number of rows in the complete query result set, which can be more than the number of rows in this single page of results. |
| pageToken | STRING | A token used for paging results. |
| rows | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#125;] </details> | An object with as many results as can be contained within the maximum permitted reply size.  |
| totalBytesProcessed | STRING | The total number of bytes processed for this query. |
| jobComplete | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the query has completed or not. |
| errors | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(reason), STRING\(location), STRING\(debugInfo), STRING\(message)&#125;, BOOLEAN\($cacheHit), STRING\($numDmlAffectedRows), &#123;STRING\(sessionId)&#125;\($sessionInfo), &#123;STRING\(insertedRowCount), STRING\(deletedRowCount), STRING\(updatedRowCount)&#125;\($dmlStats), STRING\($totalBytesBilled), STRING\($totalSlotMs), STRING\($creationTime), STRING\($startTime), STRING\($endTime)] </details> | The first errors or warnings encountered during the running of the job. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "kind" : "",
  "schema" : {
    "fields" : [ {
      "name" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "mode" : "",
      "fields" : [ ],
      "description" : "",
      "policyTags" : {
        "names" : [ "" ]
      },
      "dataPolicies" : {
        "name" : ""
      },
      "maxLength" : "",
      "precision" : "",
      "scale" : "",
      "roundingMode" : "",
      "collation" : "",
      "defaultValueExpression" : "",
      "rangeElementType" : {
        "type" : ""
      }
    } ]
  },
  "objectReference" : {
    "projectId" : "",
    "jobId" : "",
    "location" : ""
  },
  "jobCreationReason" : {
    "code" : ""
  },
  "queryId" : "",
  "location" : "",
  "totalRows" : "",
  "pageToken" : "",
  "rows" : [ { } ],
  "totalBytesProcessed" : "",
  "jobComplete" : false,
  "errors" : [ {
    "reason" : "",
    "location" : "",
    "debugInfo" : "",
    "message" : ""
  }, false, "", {
    "sessionId" : ""
  }, {
    "insertedRowCount" : "",
    "deletedRowCount" : "",
    "updatedRowCount" : ""
  }, "", "", "", "", "" ]
}
```






<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-bigquery_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Google BigQuery component for ByteChef. Connect to BigQuery for data analysis and automated data pipeline workflows."
title: Google BigQuery
---

Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: googleBigQuery/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Query
Name: query

`Runs a BigQuery SQL query synchronously and returns query results if the query completes within a specified timeout.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| projectId | Project ID | STRING | Project ID of the query request. | true |
| query | Query | STRING | Required. A query string to execute, using Google Standard SQL or legacy SQL syntax. Example: "SELECT COUNT(f1) FROM myProjectId.myDatasetId.myTableId". | true |
| maxResults | Max Results | INTEGER | The maximum number of rows of data to return per page of results. | false |
| timeoutMs | Timeout | INTEGER | Specifies the maximum amount of time, in milliseconds, that the client is willing to wait for the query to complete. By default, this limit is 10 seconds (10,000 milliseconds). | false |
| dryRun | Dry Run | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | If set to true, BigQuery doesn't run the job. Instead, if the query is valid, BigQuery returns statistics about the job such as how many bytes would be processed. | false |
| createSession | Create Session | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | If true, creates a new session using a randomly generated sessionId. If false, runs query with an existing sessionId passed in ConnectionProperty. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Query",
  "name" : "query",
  "parameters" : {
    "projectId" : "",
    "query" : "",
    "maxResults" : 1,
    "timeoutMs" : 1,
    "dryRun" : false,
    "createSession" : false
  },
  "type" : "googleBigQuery/v1/query"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| kind | STRING | The resource type. |
| schema | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;[&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(type), STRING\(mode), []\(fields), STRING\(description), &#123;[STRING]\(names)&#125;\(policyTags), &#123;STRING\(name)&#125;\(dataPolicies), STRING\(maxLength), STRING\(precision), STRING\(scale), STRING\(roundingMode), STRING\(collation), STRING\(defaultValueExpression), &#123;STRING\(type)&#125;\(rangeElementType)&#125;]\(fields)&#125; </details> | The schema of the results. Present only when the query completes successfully. |
| objectReference | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(projectId), STRING\(jobId), STRING\(location)&#125; </details> | Reference to the Job that was created to run the query. |
| jobCreationReason | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(code)&#125; </details> | The reason why a Job was created. |
| queryId | STRING | Auto-generated ID for the query. |
| location | STRING | The geographic location of the query. |
| totalRows | STRING | The total number of rows in the complete query result set, which can be more than the number of rows in this single page of results. |
| pageToken | STRING | A token used for paging results. |
| rows | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#125;] </details> | An object with as many results as can be contained within the maximum permitted reply size.  |
| totalBytesProcessed | STRING | The total number of bytes processed for this query. |
| jobComplete | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the query has completed or not. |
| errors | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(reason), STRING\(location), STRING\(debugInfo), STRING\(message)&#125;, BOOLEAN\($cacheHit), STRING\($numDmlAffectedRows), &#123;STRING\(sessionId)&#125;\($sessionInfo), &#123;STRING\(insertedRowCount), STRING\(deletedRowCount), STRING\(updatedRowCount)&#125;\($dmlStats), STRING\($totalBytesBilled), STRING\($totalSlotMs), STRING\($creationTime), STRING\($startTime), STRING\($endTime)] </details> | The first errors or warnings encountered during the running of the job. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "kind" : "",
  "schema" : {
    "fields" : [ {
      "name" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "mode" : "",
      "fields" : [ ],
      "description" : "",
      "policyTags" : {
        "names" : [ "" ]
      },
      "dataPolicies" : {
        "name" : ""
      },
      "maxLength" : "",
      "precision" : "",
      "scale" : "",
      "roundingMode" : "",
      "collation" : "",
      "defaultValueExpression" : "",
      "rangeElementType" : {
        "type" : ""
      }
    } ]
  },
  "objectReference" : {
    "projectId" : "",
    "jobId" : "",
    "location" : ""
  },
  "jobCreationReason" : {
    "code" : ""
  },
  "queryId" : "",
  "location" : "",
  "totalRows" : "",
  "pageToken" : "",
  "rows" : [ { } ],
  "totalBytesProcessed" : "",
  "jobComplete" : false,
  "errors" : [ {
    "reason" : "",
    "location" : "",
    "debugInfo" : "",
    "message" : ""
  }, false, "", {
    "sessionId" : ""
  }, {
    "insertedRowCount" : "",
    "deletedRowCount" : "",
    "updatedRowCount" : ""
  }, "", "", "", "", "" ]
}
```




<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable BigQuery API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Click on **APIs & Services**.
3. Enter **bigquery** into search bar and press enter.
4. Click on **BigQuery API**.
5. Click on **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/1a93fe01-973c-4185-97c1-073b2cb03d1c?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)
