docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-meet_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Google Meet"
description: "Google Meet is a communication service designed to help you have interactions with your friends, family, colleagues and classmates."
---


Categories: Communication


Type: googleMeet/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Google Meet REST API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "google meet rest api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Google Meet REST API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height: 0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zindex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)' }}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/1CkDQzRt6lbwhSWkjhQu?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{ position: 'absolute', inset: 0 }} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Create Meeting Space
Name: createMeetingSpace

`Creates a meeting space.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| accessType | Access Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Default value specified by the user's organization.">ACCESS_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED</span>, <span title="Anyone with the join information can join without knocking.">OPEN</span>, <span title="Members of the host's organization, invited external users, and dial-in users can join without knocking. Everyone else must knock.">TRUSTED</span>, <span title="Only invitees can join without knocking. Everyone else must knock.">RESTRICTED</span> </details> | Access type of the meeting space that determines who can join without knocking. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Meeting Space",
  "name" : "createMeetingSpace",
  "parameters" : {
    "accessType" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleMeet/v1/createMeetingSpace"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | The name of the meeting space. |
| meetingUri | STRING | URI used to join meetings. |
| meetingCode | STRING | Type friendly unique string used to join the meeting. |
| config | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(accessType), STRING\(entryPointAccess)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "name" : "",
  "meetingUri" : "",
  "meetingCode" : "",
  "config" : {
    "accessType" : "",
    "entryPointAccess" : ""
  }
}
```




### Get Meeting Space
Name: getMeetingSpace

`Gets details about a meeting space.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| name | Name | STRING | The name of the meeting space or meeting code in format spaces/&#123;meetingCode&#125;. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Meeting Space",
  "name" : "getMeetingSpace",
  "parameters" : {
    "name" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleMeet/v1/getMeetingSpace"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | The name of the meeting space. |
| meetingUri | STRING | URI used to join meetings. |
| meetingCode | STRING | Type friendly unique string used to join the meeting. |
| config | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(accessType), STRING\(entryPointAccess)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "name" : "",
  "meetingUri" : "",
  "meetingCode" : "",
  "config" : {
    "accessType" : "",
    "entryPointAccess" : ""
  }
}
```




### List Participants
Name: listParticipants

`Lists the participants in a conference record. By default, ordered by join time and in descending order.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| conferenceRecords | Conference Records | STRING | Conference Records | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "List Participants",
  "name" : "listParticipants",
  "parameters" : {
    "conferenceRecords" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleMeet/v1/listParticipants"
}
```

#### Output



Type: ARRAY


Items Type: OBJECT


#### Properties
|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | Resource name of the participant.Format: conferenceRecords/&#123;conferenceRecord&#125;/participants/&#123;participant&#125; |
| user | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | User can be of type: signedinUser, anonymousUser, phoneUser |
| earliestStartTime | STRING | Time when the participant first joined the meeting. |
| latestEndTime | STRING | Time when the participant left the meeting for the last time. This can be null if it's an active meeting. |





#### Output Example
```json
[ {
  "name" : "",
  "user" : { },
  "earliestStartTime" : "",
  "latestEndTime" : ""
} ]
```






<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-meet_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Google Meet component for ByteChef. Video conferencing. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Google Meet
---

Categories: Communication


Type: googleMeet/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Meeting Space
Name: createMeetingSpace

`Creates a meeting space.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| accessType | Access Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Default value specified by the user's organization.">ACCESS_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED</span>, <span title="Anyone with the join information can join without knocking.">OPEN</span>, <span title="Members of the host's organization, invited external users, and dial-in users can join without knocking. Everyone else must knock.">TRUSTED</span>, <span title="Only invitees can join without knocking. Everyone else must knock.">RESTRICTED</span> </details> | Access type of the meeting space that determines who can join without knocking. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Meeting Space",
  "name" : "createMeetingSpace",
  "parameters" : {
    "accessType" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleMeet/v1/createMeetingSpace"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | The name of the meeting space. |
| meetingUri | STRING | URI used to join meetings. |
| meetingCode | STRING | Type friendly unique string used to join the meeting. |
| config | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(accessType), STRING\(entryPointAccess)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "name" : "",
  "meetingUri" : "",
  "meetingCode" : "",
  "config" : {
    "accessType" : "",
    "entryPointAccess" : ""
  }
}
```


### Get Meeting Space
Name: getMeetingSpace

`Gets details about a meeting space.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| name | Name | STRING | The name of the meeting space or meeting code in format spaces/&#123;meetingCode&#125;. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Meeting Space",
  "name" : "getMeetingSpace",
  "parameters" : {
    "name" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleMeet/v1/getMeetingSpace"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | The name of the meeting space. |
| meetingUri | STRING | URI used to join meetings. |
| meetingCode | STRING | Type friendly unique string used to join the meeting. |
| config | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(accessType), STRING\(entryPointAccess)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "name" : "",
  "meetingUri" : "",
  "meetingCode" : "",
  "config" : {
    "accessType" : "",
    "entryPointAccess" : ""
  }
}
```


### List Participants
Name: listParticipants

`Lists the participants in a conference record. By default, ordered by join time and in descending order.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| conferenceRecords | Conference Records | STRING | Conference Records | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "List Participants",
  "name" : "listParticipants",
  "parameters" : {
    "conferenceRecords" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleMeet/v1/listParticipants"
}
```

#### Output



Type: ARRAY


Items Type: OBJECT


#### Properties
|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | Resource name of the participant.Format: conferenceRecords/&#123;conferenceRecord&#125;/participants/&#123;participant&#125; |
| user | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | User can be of type: signedinUser, anonymousUser, phoneUser |
| earliestStartTime | STRING | Time when the participant first joined the meeting. |
| latestEndTime | STRING | Time when the participant left the meeting for the last time. This can be null if it's an active meeting. |





#### Output Example
```json
[ {
  "name" : "",
  "user" : { },
  "earliestStartTime" : "",
  "latestEndTime" : ""
} ]
```




<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Google Meet REST API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "google meet rest api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Google Meet REST API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height: 0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)' }}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/1CkDQzRt6lbwhSWkjhQu?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{ position: 'absolute', inset: 0 }} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)
