docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-slides_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Google Slides"
description: "Google Slides is a cloud-based presentation software that allows users to create, edit, and collaborate on presentations online in real-time."
---


Categories: File Storage


Type: googleSlides/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Google Slides API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "google slides api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Google Slides API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zindex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/oO5B0kqdh0w4eOIIEz21?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Create Presentation Based on Template
Name: createPresentationBasedOnTemplate

`Creates a new presentation based on an existing one and can replace any placeholder variables found in your template presentation, like [[name]], [[email]], etc.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileId | Template Presentation ID | STRING | The ID of the template presentation from which the new presentation will be created. | true |
| fileName | New Presentation Name | STRING | Name of the new presentation. | true |
| folderId | Folder ID | STRING | ID of the folder where the new presentation will be saved. If not provided, the new presentation will be saved in the same folder as the template presentation. | false |
| values | Values | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Don't include the "[[]]", only the key name and its value. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Presentation Based on Template",
  "name" : "createPresentationBasedOnTemplate",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileId" : "",
    "fileName" : "",
    "folderId" : "",
    "values" : { }
  },
  "type" : "googleSlides/v1/createPresentationBasedOnTemplate"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.








## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-slides_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Google Slides component for ByteChef. Presentation management. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Google Slides
---

Categories: File Storage


Type: googleSlides/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Presentation Based on Template
Name: createPresentationBasedOnTemplate

`Creates a new presentation based on an existing one and can replace any placeholder variables found in your template presentation, like [[name]], [[email]], etc.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileId | Template Presentation ID | STRING | The ID of the template presentation from which the new presentation will be created. | true |
| fileName | New Presentation Name | STRING | Name of the new presentation. | true |
| folderId | Folder ID | STRING | ID of the folder where the new presentation will be saved. If not provided, the new presentation will be saved in the same folder as the template presentation. | false |
| values | Values | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Don't include the "[[]]", only the key name and its value. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Presentation Based on Template",
  "name" : "createPresentationBasedOnTemplate",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileId" : "",
    "fileName" : "",
    "folderId" : "",
    "values" : { }
  },
  "type" : "googleSlides/v1/createPresentationBasedOnTemplate"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Google Slides API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "google slides api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Google Slides API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/oO5B0kqdh0w4eOIIEz21?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)
