docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-docs_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Google Docs"
description: "Google Docs is a cloud-based collaborative word processing platform that allows multiple users to create, edit, and share documents in real-time."
---


Categories: File Storage


Type: googleDocs/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Google Docs API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "google docs api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Google Docs API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height: 0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zindex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)' }}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/2fbfa39b-38f6-43f4-a55d-6f8d0588f6fb?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{ position: 'absolute', inset: 0 }} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Create Document
Name: createDocument

`Create a document on Google Docs.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| title | Title | STRING | Document title. | true |
| body | Content | STRING | Document content. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Document",
  "name" : "createDocument",
  "parameters" : {
    "title" : "",
    "body" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleDocs/v1/createDocument"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Create Document From Template
Name: createDocumentFromTemplate

`Creates a new document based on an existing one and can replace any placeholder variables found in your template document, like [[name]], [[email]], etc.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileId | Template Document ID | STRING | The ID of the template document from which the new document will be created. | true |
| fileName | New Document Name | STRING | Name of the new document. | true |
| folderId | Folder for New Document | STRING | Folder ID where the new document will be saved. If not provided, the new document will be saved in the same folder as the template document. | false |
| values | Variables | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Don't include the "[[]]", only the key name and its value. | false |
| images | Images | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Key: Image ID (get it manually from the Read File Action), Value: Image URL. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Document From Template",
  "name" : "createDocumentFromTemplate",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileId" : "",
    "fileName" : "",
    "folderId" : "",
    "values" : { },
    "images" : { }
  },
  "type" : "googleDocs/v1/createDocumentFromTemplate"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Get Document
Name: getDocument

`Retrieve a specified document from your Google Drive.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| documentId | Document Id | STRING | The ID of the document to read. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Document",
  "name" : "getDocument",
  "parameters" : {
    "documentId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleDocs/v1/getDocument"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.








## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-docs_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Google Docs component for ByteChef. Document collaboration. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Google Docs
---

Categories: File Storage


Type: googleDocs/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Document
Name: createDocument

`Create a document on Google Docs.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| title | Title | STRING | Document title. | true |
| body | Content | STRING | Document content. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Document",
  "name" : "createDocument",
  "parameters" : {
    "title" : "",
    "body" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleDocs/v1/createDocument"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Create Document From Template
Name: createDocumentFromTemplate

`Creates a new document based on an existing one and can replace any placeholder variables found in your template document, like [[name]], [[email]], etc.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileId | Template Document ID | STRING | The ID of the template document from which the new document will be created. | true |
| fileName | New Document Name | STRING | Name of the new document. | true |
| folderId | Folder for New Document | STRING | Folder ID where the new document will be saved. If not provided, the new document will be saved in the same folder as the template document. | false |
| values | Variables | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Don't include the "[[]]", only the key name and its value. | false |
| images | Images | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Key: Image ID (get it manually from the Read File Action), Value: Image URL. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Document From Template",
  "name" : "createDocumentFromTemplate",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileId" : "",
    "fileName" : "",
    "folderId" : "",
    "values" : { },
    "images" : { }
  },
  "type" : "googleDocs/v1/createDocumentFromTemplate"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Get Document
Name: getDocument

`Retrieve a specified document from your Google Drive.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| documentId | Document Id | STRING | The ID of the document to read. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Document",
  "name" : "getDocument",
  "parameters" : {
    "documentId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleDocs/v1/getDocument"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Google Docs API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "google docs api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Google Docs API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height: 0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)' }}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/2fbfa39b-38f6-43f4-a55d-6f8d0588f6fb?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{ position: 'absolute', inset: 0 }} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)
