docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-contacts_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Google Contacts"
description: "Google Contacts is a cloud-based address book service provided by Google, allowing users to store, manage, and synchronize their contact information across multiple devices and platforms."
---


Categories: CRM


Type: googleContacts/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Contacts API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "contacts api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Contacts API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zindex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/0273c3ce-b963-45c0-b7f9-25e893ef060c?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Creates a new contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| givenName | First Name | STRING | The first name of the contact. | true |
| middleName | Middle Name | STRING | The middle name of the contact. | false |
| familyName | Last Name | STRING | The last name of the contact. | true |
| title | Job Title | STRING | The job title of the contact. | false |
| name | Company | STRING | The company of the contact. | false |
| email | Email | STRING | The email addresses of the contact. | false |
| phoneNumber | Phone Number | STRING | The phone numbers of the contact. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "givenName" : "",
    "middleName" : "",
    "familyName" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "name" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "phoneNumber" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleContacts/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| names | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(familyName), STRING\(givenName), STRING\(middleName)&#125;] </details> | The person's names. |
| organizations | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(title)&#125;] </details> | The person's past or current organizations. |
| emailAddresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | The person's email addresses. |
| phoneNumbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | The person's phone numbers. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "names" : [ {
    "familyName" : "",
    "givenName" : "",
    "middleName" : ""
  } ],
  "organizations" : [ {
    "name" : "",
    "title" : ""
  } ],
  "emailAddresses" : [ {
    "value" : ""
  } ],
  "phoneNumbers" : [ {
    "value" : ""
  } ]
}
```




### Create Group
Name: createGroup

`Creates a new group.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| name | Group Name | STRING | The name of the group. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Group",
  "name" : "createGroup",
  "parameters" : {
    "name" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleContacts/v1/createGroup"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | The contact group name set by the group owner or a system provided name for system groups. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "name" : ""
}
```




### Update Contact
Name: updateContact

`Modifies an existing contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| resourceName | Resource Name | STRING | Resource name of the contact to be updated. | true |
| givenName | First Name | STRING | New first name of the contact. | true |
| middleName | Middle Name | STRING | New middle name of the contact. | false |
| familyName | Last Name | STRING | Updated last name of the contact. | true |
| title | Job Title | STRING | Updated job title of the contact. | false |
| name | Company | STRING | Updated name of the company where the contact is employed. | false |
| email | Email Address | STRING | Updated email address of the contact. | false |
| phoneNumber | Phone Number | STRING | Updated phone number of the contact. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Contact",
  "name" : "updateContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "resourceName" : "",
    "givenName" : "",
    "middleName" : "",
    "familyName" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "name" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "phoneNumber" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleContacts/v1/updateContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| names | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(familyName), STRING\(givenName), STRING\(middleName)&#125;] </details> | The person's names. |
| organizations | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(title)&#125;] </details> | The person's past or current organizations. |
| emailAddresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | The person's email addresses. |
| phoneNumbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | The person's phone numbers. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "names" : [ {
    "familyName" : "",
    "givenName" : "",
    "middleName" : ""
  } ],
  "organizations" : [ {
    "name" : "",
    "title" : ""
  } ],
  "emailAddresses" : [ {
    "value" : ""
  } ],
  "phoneNumbers" : [ {
    "value" : ""
  } ]
}
```




### Search Contacts
Name: searchContacts

`Searches the contacts in Google Contacts account.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| query | Query | STRING | The plain-text query for the request.The query is used to match prefix phrases of the fields on a person. For example, a person with name "foo name" matches queries such as "f", "fo", "foo", "foo n", "nam", etc., but not "oo n". | true |
| readMask | Read Mask | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | A field mask to restrict which fields on each person are returned. | true |
| pageSize | Page Size | INTEGER | The number of results to return per page. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Search Contacts",
  "name" : "searchContacts",
  "parameters" : {
    "query" : "",
    "readMask" : [ "" ],
    "pageSize" : 1
  },
  "type" : "googleContacts/v1/searchContacts"
}
```

#### Output



Type: ARRAY


Items Type: OBJECT


#### Properties
|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| names | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(familyName), STRING\(givenName), STRING\(middleName)&#125;] </details> | The person's names. |
| organizations | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(title)&#125;] </details> | The person's past or current organizations. |
| emailAddresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | The person's email addresses. |
| phoneNumbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | The person's phone numbers. |





#### Output Example
```json
[ {
  "names" : [ {
    "familyName" : "",
    "givenName" : "",
    "middleName" : ""
  } ],
  "organizations" : [ {
    "name" : "",
    "title" : ""
  } ],
  "emailAddresses" : [ {
    "value" : ""
  } ],
  "phoneNumbers" : [ {
    "value" : ""
  } ]
} ]
```






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/google-contacts_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Google Contacts component for ByteChef. Contact management. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Google Contacts
---

Categories: CRM


Type: googleContacts/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Creates a new contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| givenName | First Name | STRING | The first name of the contact. | true |
| middleName | Middle Name | STRING | The middle name of the contact. | false |
| familyName | Last Name | STRING | The last name of the contact. | true |
| title | Job Title | STRING | The job title of the contact. | false |
| name | Company | STRING | The company of the contact. | false |
| email | Email | STRING | The email addresses of the contact. | false |
| phoneNumber | Phone Number | STRING | The phone numbers of the contact. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "givenName" : "",
    "middleName" : "",
    "familyName" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "name" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "phoneNumber" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleContacts/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| names | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(familyName), STRING\(givenName), STRING\(middleName)&#125;] </details> | The person's names. |
| organizations | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(title)&#125;] </details> | The person's past or current organizations. |
| emailAddresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | The person's email addresses. |
| phoneNumbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | The person's phone numbers. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "names" : [ {
    "familyName" : "",
    "givenName" : "",
    "middleName" : ""
  } ],
  "organizations" : [ {
    "name" : "",
    "title" : ""
  } ],
  "emailAddresses" : [ {
    "value" : ""
  } ],
  "phoneNumbers" : [ {
    "value" : ""
  } ]
}
```


### Create Group
Name: createGroup

`Creates a new group.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| name | Group Name | STRING | The name of the group. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Group",
  "name" : "createGroup",
  "parameters" : {
    "name" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleContacts/v1/createGroup"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | The contact group name set by the group owner or a system provided name for system groups. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "name" : ""
}
```


### Update Contact
Name: updateContact

`Modifies an existing contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| resourceName | Resource Name | STRING | Resource name of the contact to be updated. | true |
| givenName | First Name | STRING | New first name of the contact. | true |
| middleName | Middle Name | STRING | New middle name of the contact. | false |
| familyName | Last Name | STRING | Updated last name of the contact. | true |
| title | Job Title | STRING | Updated job title of the contact. | false |
| name | Company | STRING | Updated name of the company where the contact is employed. | false |
| email | Email Address | STRING | Updated email address of the contact. | false |
| phoneNumber | Phone Number | STRING | Updated phone number of the contact. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Contact",
  "name" : "updateContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "resourceName" : "",
    "givenName" : "",
    "middleName" : "",
    "familyName" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "name" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "phoneNumber" : ""
  },
  "type" : "googleContacts/v1/updateContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| names | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(familyName), STRING\(givenName), STRING\(middleName)&#125;] </details> | The person's names. |
| organizations | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(title)&#125;] </details> | The person's past or current organizations. |
| emailAddresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | The person's email addresses. |
| phoneNumbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | The person's phone numbers. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "names" : [ {
    "familyName" : "",
    "givenName" : "",
    "middleName" : ""
  } ],
  "organizations" : [ {
    "name" : "",
    "title" : ""
  } ],
  "emailAddresses" : [ {
    "value" : ""
  } ],
  "phoneNumbers" : [ {
    "value" : ""
  } ]
}
```


### Search Contacts
Name: searchContacts

`Searches the contacts in Google Contacts account.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| query | Query | STRING | The plain-text query for the request.The query is used to match prefix phrases of the fields on a person. For example, a person with name "foo name" matches queries such as "f", "fo", "foo", "foo n", "nam", etc., but not "oo n". | true |
| readMask | Read Mask | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | A field mask to restrict which fields on each person are returned. | true |
| pageSize | Page Size | INTEGER | The number of results to return per page. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Search Contacts",
  "name" : "searchContacts",
  "parameters" : {
    "query" : "",
    "readMask" : [ "" ],
    "pageSize" : 1
  },
  "type" : "googleContacts/v1/searchContacts"
}
```

#### Output



Type: ARRAY


Items Type: OBJECT


#### Properties
|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| names | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(familyName), STRING\(givenName), STRING\(middleName)&#125;] </details> | The person's names. |
| organizations | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(title)&#125;] </details> | The person's past or current organizations. |
| emailAddresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | The person's email addresses. |
| phoneNumbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | The person's phone numbers. |





#### Output Example
```json
[ {
  "names" : [ {
    "familyName" : "",
    "givenName" : "",
    "middleName" : ""
  } ],
  "organizations" : [ {
    "name" : "",
    "title" : ""
  } ],
  "emailAddresses" : [ {
    "value" : ""
  } ],
  "phoneNumbers" : [ {
    "value" : ""
  } ]
} ]
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable Contacts API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "contacts api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **Contacts API**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
<iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/0273c3ce-b963-45c0-b7f9-25e893ef060c?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)
