docs/content/docs/reference/components/gotify_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Gotify"
description: "A simple server for sending and receiving messages."
---


Categories: Communication


Type: gotify/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING | Application token of the app you created for receiving and sending messages. | true |
| baseUri | Base URI | STRING | Base URI of your Gotify server (e.g. http://localhost:1024). | true |



## Connection Setup

### Prerequisites

Install [Gotify](https://gotify.net/docs/install) on your server.

### Create Gotify Token

1. Click on "Apps".
2. Click on "Create Application".
3. Enter name and description of your application. Select default priority of your messages.
4. Click on "Create".
5. Here you can copy your token.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/06862062-eb52-4d5f-9184-f2287e4c0df0?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Send Message
Name: sendMessage

`Sends a message to the server.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| title | Message Title | STRING | The title of the message that will be sent. | false |
| message | Message Content | STRING | The content message that will be sent. | true |
| priority | Priority | INTEGER | The priority of the message. If unset, then the default priority of the application will be used. | false |
| extras | Extras | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(topNamespace), STRING\(subNamespace), STRING\(extraInfoKey), STRING\(extraInfoValue)&#125;\($extra)] </details> | The extra data sent along the message. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Message",
  "name" : "sendMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "title" : "",
    "message" : "",
    "priority" : 1,
    "extras" : [ {
      "topNamespace" : "",
      "subNamespace" : "",
      "extraInfoKey" : "",
      "extraInfoValue" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "gotify/v1/sendMessage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | INTEGER | ID of the message that was sent. |
| appid | INTEGER | ID of the app that sent the message. |
| message | STRING | Content of the message that was sent. |
| title | STRING | Title of the message that was sent. |
| priority | INTEGER | Priority of the message that was sent. |
| extras | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#123;&#123;STRING\(extra_info)&#125;\(sub_namespace)&#125;\(top_namespace)&#125; </details> | Extras of the message that was sent. |
| date | STRING | Date when the message was sent. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : 1,
  "appid" : 1,
  "message" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "priority" : 1,
  "extras" : {
    "top_namespace" : {
      "sub_namespace" : {
        "extra_info" : ""
      }
    }
  },
  "date" : ""
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/gotify_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Gotify component for ByteChef. Simple messaging service. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Gotify
---

Categories: Communication


Type: gotify/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING | Application token of the app you created for receiving and sending messages. | true |
| baseUri | Base URI | STRING | Base URI of your Gotify server (e.g. http://localhost:1024). | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Send Message
Name: sendMessage

`Sends a message to the server.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| title | Message Title | STRING | The title of the message that will be sent. | false |
| message | Message Content | STRING | The content message that will be sent. | true |
| priority | Priority | INTEGER | The priority of the message. If unset, then the default priority of the application will be used. | false |
| extras | Extras | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(topNamespace), STRING\(subNamespace), STRING\(extraInfoKey), STRING\(extraInfoValue)&#125;\($extra)] </details> | The extra data sent along the message. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Message",
  "name" : "sendMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "title" : "",
    "message" : "",
    "priority" : 1,
    "extras" : [ {
      "topNamespace" : "",
      "subNamespace" : "",
      "extraInfoKey" : "",
      "extraInfoValue" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "gotify/v1/sendMessage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | INTEGER | ID of the message that was sent. |
| appid | INTEGER | ID of the app that sent the message. |
| message | STRING | Content of the message that was sent. |
| title | STRING | Title of the message that was sent. |
| priority | INTEGER | Priority of the message that was sent. |
| extras | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#123;&#123;STRING\(extra_info)&#125;\(sub_namespace)&#125;\(top_namespace)&#125; </details> | Extras of the message that was sent. |
| date | STRING | Date when the message was sent. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : 1,
  "appid" : 1,
  "message" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "priority" : 1,
  "extras" : {
    "top_namespace" : {
      "sub_namespace" : {
        "extra_info" : ""
      }
    }
  },
  "date" : ""
}
```




<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Prerequisites

Install [Gotify](https://gotify.net/docs/install) on your server.

### Create Gotify Token

1. Click on "Apps".
2. Click on "Create Application".
3. Enter name and description of your application. Select default priority of your messages.
4. Click on "Create".
5. Here you can copy your token.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/06862062-eb52-4d5f-9184-f2287e4c0df0?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>
