docs/content/docs/reference/components/graphql-client_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "GraphQL Client"
description: "Execute GraphQL queries against a GraphQL API, allowing you to fetch exactly the data you need using queries and variables."
---


Categories: Helpers


Type: graphQl/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Raw Query
Name: rawQuery

`Run a raw query to a GraphQL endpoint.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| graphQlEndpoint | GraphQL Endpoint | STRING | The endpoint where GraphQL requests will be sent. | true |
| headers | Headers | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Headers that will be sent in the HTTP request alongside the GraphQL query. | false |
| variables | Variables | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Variables that will be sent with the GraphQL query. | false |
| query | Query | STRING | Query that will be sent to the GraphQL endpoint. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Raw Query",
  "name" : "rawQuery",
  "parameters" : {
    "graphQlEndpoint" : "",
    "headers" : { },
    "variables" : { },
    "query" : ""
  },
  "type" : "graphQl/v1/rawQuery"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/graphql-client_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "GraphQL Client component. Query APIs with GraphQL. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: GraphQL Client
---

Categories: Helpers


Type: graphQl/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Raw Query
Name: rawQuery

`Run a raw query to a GraphQL endpoint.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| graphQlEndpoint | GraphQL Endpoint | STRING | The endpoint where GraphQL requests will be sent. | true |
| headers | Headers | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Headers that will be sent in the HTTP request alongside the GraphQL query. | false |
| variables | Variables | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Variables that will be sent with the GraphQL query. | false |
| query | Query | STRING | Query that will be sent to the GraphQL endpoint. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Raw Query",
  "name" : "rawQuery",
  "parameters" : {
    "graphQlEndpoint" : "",
    "headers" : { },
    "variables" : { },
    "query" : ""
  },
  "type" : "graphQl/v1/rawQuery"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.
