docs/content/docs/reference/components/groq_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Groq"
description: "The LPU Inference Engine by Groq is a hardware and software platform that delivers exceptional compute speed, quality, and energy efficiency."
---


Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: groq/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Ask
Name: ask

`Ask anything you want.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| format | Format | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="User prompt and optional system prompt.">SIMPLE</span>, <span title="Full control over the messages sent to the model.">ADVANCED</span> </details> | Format of providing the prompt to the model. | true |
| userPrompt | Prompt | STRING | User prompt to the model. | true |
| systemPrompt | System Prompt | STRING | System prompt to the model. | false |
| attachments | Attachments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [FILE_ENTRY] </details> | Only text and image files are supported. Also, only certain models supports images. Please check the documentation. | false |
| messages | Messages | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(role), STRING\(content), [FILE_ENTRY]\(attachments)&#125;] </details> | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. | true |
| response | Response | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(responseFormat), STRING\(responseSchema)&#125; </details> | The response from the API. | true |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| n | Number of Chat Completion Choices | INTEGER | How many chat completion choices to generate for each input message. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |
| topP | Top P | NUMBER | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling,  where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered. | false |
| frequencyPenalty | Frequency Penalty | NUMBER | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model's likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim. | false |
| presencePenalty | Presence Penalty | NUMBER | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model's likelihood to talk about new topics. | false |
| logitBias | Logit Bias | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion. | false |
| stop | Stop | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Up to 4 sequences where the API will stop generating further tokens. | false |
| user | User | STRING | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help admins to monitor and detect abuse. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Ask",
  "name" : "ask",
  "parameters" : {
    "model" : "",
    "format" : "",
    "userPrompt" : "",
    "systemPrompt" : "",
    "attachments" : [ {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    } ],
    "messages" : [ {
      "role" : "",
      "content" : "",
      "attachments" : [ {
        "extension" : "",
        "mimeType" : "",
        "name" : "",
        "url" : ""
      } ]
    } ],
    "response" : {
      "responseFormat" : "",
      "responseSchema" : ""
    },
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "n" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0,
    "topP" : 0.0,
    "frequencyPenalty" : 0.0,
    "presencePenalty" : 0.0,
    "logitBias" : { },
    "stop" : [ "" ],
    "user" : ""
  },
  "type" : "groq/v1/ask"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/groq_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Groq component for ByteChef. LPU inference engine. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Groq
---

Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: groq/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Ask
Name: ask

`Ask anything you want.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| model | Model | STRING | ID of the model to use. | true |
| format | Format | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="User prompt and optional system prompt.">SIMPLE</span>, <span title="Full control over the messages sent to the model.">ADVANCED</span> </details> | Format of providing the prompt to the model. | true |
| userPrompt | Prompt | STRING | User prompt to the model. | true |
| systemPrompt | System Prompt | STRING | System prompt to the model. | false |
| attachments | Attachments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [FILE_ENTRY] </details> | Only text and image files are supported. Also, only certain models supports images. Please check the documentation. | false |
| messages | Messages | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(role), STRING\(content), [FILE_ENTRY]\(attachments)&#125;] </details> | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. | true |
| response | Response | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(responseFormat), STRING\(responseSchema)&#125; </details> | The response from the API. | true |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| n | Number of Chat Completion Choices | INTEGER | How many chat completion choices to generate for each input message. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |
| topP | Top P | NUMBER | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling,  where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered. | false |
| frequencyPenalty | Frequency Penalty | NUMBER | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model's likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim. | false |
| presencePenalty | Presence Penalty | NUMBER | Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model's likelihood to talk about new topics. | false |
| logitBias | Logit Bias | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Modify the likelihood of specified tokens appearing in the completion. | false |
| stop | Stop | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Up to 4 sequences where the API will stop generating further tokens. | false |
| user | User | STRING | A unique identifier representing your end-user, which can help admins to monitor and detect abuse. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Ask",
  "name" : "ask",
  "parameters" : {
    "model" : "",
    "format" : "",
    "userPrompt" : "",
    "systemPrompt" : "",
    "attachments" : [ {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    } ],
    "messages" : [ {
      "role" : "",
      "content" : "",
      "attachments" : [ {
        "extension" : "",
        "mimeType" : "",
        "name" : "",
        "url" : ""
      } ]
    } ],
    "response" : {
      "responseFormat" : "",
      "responseSchema" : ""
    },
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "n" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0,
    "topP" : 0.0,
    "frequencyPenalty" : 0.0,
    "presencePenalty" : 0.0,
    "logitBias" : { },
    "stop" : [ "" ],
    "user" : ""
  },
  "type" : "groq/v1/ask"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.
