docs/content/docs/reference/components/hubspot_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Hubspot"
description: "HubSpot is a CRM platform with all the software, integrations, and resources you need to connect marketing, sales, content management, and customer service."
---


Categories: Marketing Automation


Type: hubspot/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |
| hapikey | Hubspot API Key | STRING | API Key is used for registering webhooks. | false |






<hr />


## Actions


### Delete Contact
Name: deleteContact

`Move Contact to the recycling bin.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| contactId | Contact ID | STRING |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Delete Contact",
  "name" : "deleteContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "contactId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/deleteContact"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Get Contact
Name: getContact

`Get contact details.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| contactId | Contact ID | STRING |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Contact",
  "name" : "getContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "contactId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/getContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the newly created contact. |
| properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(firstname), STRING\(lastname), STRING\(email), STRING\(phone), STRING\(company), STRING\(website)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "properties" : {
    "firstname" : "",
    "lastname" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "phone" : "",
    "company" : "",
    "website" : ""
  }
}
```




### Update Contact
Name: updateContact

`Update Contact properties.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| contactId | Contact | STRING |  | true |
| properties | Properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(firstname), STRING\(lastname), STRING\(email), STRING\(phone), STRING\(company), STRING\(website)&#125; </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Contact",
  "name" : "updateContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "contactId" : "",
    "properties" : {
      "firstname" : "",
      "lastname" : "",
      "email" : "",
      "phone" : "",
      "company" : "",
      "website" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/updateContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the newly created contact. |
| properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(firstname), STRING\(lastname), STRING\(email), STRING\(phone), STRING\(company), STRING\(website)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "properties" : {
    "firstname" : "",
    "lastname" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "phone" : "",
    "company" : "",
    "website" : ""
  }
}
```




### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Create a contact with the given properties.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| properties | Properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(firstname), STRING\(lastname), STRING\(email), STRING\(phone), STRING\(company), STRING\(website)&#125; </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "properties" : {
      "firstname" : "",
      "lastname" : "",
      "email" : "",
      "phone" : "",
      "company" : "",
      "website" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the newly created contact. |
| properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(firstname), STRING\(lastname), STRING\(email), STRING\(phone), STRING\(company), STRING\(website)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "properties" : {
    "firstname" : "",
    "lastname" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "phone" : "",
    "company" : "",
    "website" : ""
  }
}
```




### Create Deal
Name: createDeal

`Creates a new deal.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| properties | Properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(dealname), NUMBER\(amount), DATE\(closedate), STRING\(pipeline), STRING\(dealstage), STRING\(hubspot_owner_id)&#125; </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Deal",
  "name" : "createDeal",
  "parameters" : {
    "properties" : {
      "dealname" : "",
      "amount" : 0.0,
      "closedate" : "2021-01-01",
      "pipeline" : "",
      "dealstage" : "",
      "hubspot_owner_id" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/createDeal"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the deal. |
| properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(dealname), NUMBER\(amount), DATE\(closedate), STRING\(pipeline), STRING\(dealstage), STRING\(hubspot_owner_id)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "properties" : {
    "dealname" : "",
    "amount" : 0.0,
    "closedate" : "2021-01-01",
    "pipeline" : "",
    "dealstage" : "",
    "hubspot_owner_id" : ""
  }
}
```




### Get Ticket
Name: getTicket

`Gets ticket details.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| ticketId | Ticket ID | STRING |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Ticket",
  "name" : "getTicket",
  "parameters" : {
    "ticketId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/getTicket"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the ticket |
| properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(content), STRING\(hs_object_id), STRING\(hs_pipeline), STRING\(hs_pipeline_stage), STRING\(hs_ticket_priority), STRING\(subject)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "properties" : {
    "content" : "",
    "hs_object_id" : "",
    "hs_pipeline" : "",
    "hs_pipeline_stage" : "",
    "hs_ticket_priority" : "",
    "subject" : ""
  }
}
```





## Triggers


### New Contact
Name: newContact

`Triggers when new contact is created.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| appId | App Id | STRING | The id of a Hubspot app used to register this trigger to. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| eventId | STRING | ID of the event that triggered the workflow. |
| subscriptionId | STRING | ID of the subscription associated with this webhook event. |
| subscriptionType | STRING | Type of the subscription, indicating the nature of event. |
| objectId | STRING | ID for the newly created contact. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Contact",
  "name" : "newContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "appId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/newContact"
}
```



### New Deal
Name: newDeal

`Triggers when a new deal is added.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| appId | App Id | STRING | The id of a Hubspot app used to register this trigger to. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| eventId | STRING | ID of the event that triggered the workflow. |
| subscriptionId | STRING | ID of the subscription associated with this webhook event. |
| subscriptionType | STRING | Type of the subscription, indicating the nature of event. |
| objectId | STRING | ID for the newly created deal. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Deal",
  "name" : "newDeal",
  "parameters" : {
    "appId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/newDeal"
}
```



### New Ticket
Name: newTicket

`Triggers when new ticket is created.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| appId | App Id | STRING | The id of a Hubspot app used to register this trigger to. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| eventId | STRING | ID of the event that triggered the workflow. |
| subscriptionId | STRING | ID of the subscription associated with this webhook event. |
| subscriptionType | STRING | Type of the subscription, indicating the nature of event. |
| objectId | STRING | ID for the newly created ticket. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Ticket",
  "name" : "newTicket",
  "parameters" : {
    "appId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/newTicket"
}
```





## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/hubspot_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "HubSpot component for ByteChef. CRM and marketing automation. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Hubspot
---

Categories: Marketing Automation


Type: hubspot/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |
| hapikey | Hubspot API Key | STRING | API Key is used for registering webhooks. | false |





<hr />


## Actions


### Delete Contact
Name: deleteContact

`Move Contact to the recycling bin.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| contactId | Contact ID | STRING |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Delete Contact",
  "name" : "deleteContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "contactId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/deleteContact"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Get Contact
Name: getContact

`Get contact details.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| contactId | Contact ID | STRING |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Contact",
  "name" : "getContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "contactId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/getContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the newly created contact. |
| properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(firstname), STRING\(lastname), STRING\(email), STRING\(phone), STRING\(company), STRING\(website)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "properties" : {
    "firstname" : "",
    "lastname" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "phone" : "",
    "company" : "",
    "website" : ""
  }
}
```


### Update Contact
Name: updateContact

`Update Contact properties.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| contactId | Contact | STRING |  | true |
| properties | Properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(firstname), STRING\(lastname), STRING\(email), STRING\(phone), STRING\(company), STRING\(website)&#125; </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Contact",
  "name" : "updateContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "contactId" : "",
    "properties" : {
      "firstname" : "",
      "lastname" : "",
      "email" : "",
      "phone" : "",
      "company" : "",
      "website" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/updateContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the newly created contact. |
| properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(firstname), STRING\(lastname), STRING\(email), STRING\(phone), STRING\(company), STRING\(website)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "properties" : {
    "firstname" : "",
    "lastname" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "phone" : "",
    "company" : "",
    "website" : ""
  }
}
```


### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Create a contact with the given properties.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| properties | Properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(firstname), STRING\(lastname), STRING\(email), STRING\(phone), STRING\(company), STRING\(website)&#125; </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "properties" : {
      "firstname" : "",
      "lastname" : "",
      "email" : "",
      "phone" : "",
      "company" : "",
      "website" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the newly created contact. |
| properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(firstname), STRING\(lastname), STRING\(email), STRING\(phone), STRING\(company), STRING\(website)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "properties" : {
    "firstname" : "",
    "lastname" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "phone" : "",
    "company" : "",
    "website" : ""
  }
}
```


### Create Deal
Name: createDeal

`Creates a new deal.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| properties | Properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(dealname), NUMBER\(amount), DATE\(closedate), STRING\(pipeline), STRING\(dealstage), STRING\(hubspot_owner_id)&#125; </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Deal",
  "name" : "createDeal",
  "parameters" : {
    "properties" : {
      "dealname" : "",
      "amount" : 0.0,
      "closedate" : "2021-01-01",
      "pipeline" : "",
      "dealstage" : "",
      "hubspot_owner_id" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/createDeal"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the deal. |
| properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(dealname), NUMBER\(amount), DATE\(closedate), STRING\(pipeline), STRING\(dealstage), STRING\(hubspot_owner_id)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "properties" : {
    "dealname" : "",
    "amount" : 0.0,
    "closedate" : "2021-01-01",
    "pipeline" : "",
    "dealstage" : "",
    "hubspot_owner_id" : ""
  }
}
```


### Get Ticket
Name: getTicket

`Gets ticket details.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| ticketId | Ticket ID | STRING |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Ticket",
  "name" : "getTicket",
  "parameters" : {
    "ticketId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/getTicket"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the ticket |
| properties | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(content), STRING\(hs_object_id), STRING\(hs_pipeline), STRING\(hs_pipeline_stage), STRING\(hs_ticket_priority), STRING\(subject)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "properties" : {
    "content" : "",
    "hs_object_id" : "",
    "hs_pipeline" : "",
    "hs_pipeline_stage" : "",
    "hs_ticket_priority" : "",
    "subject" : ""
  }
}
```



## Triggers


### New Contact
Name: newContact

`Triggers when new contact is created.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| appId | App Id | STRING | The id of a Hubspot app used to register this trigger to. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| eventId | STRING | ID of the event that triggered the workflow. |
| subscriptionId | STRING | ID of the subscription associated with this webhook event. |
| subscriptionType | STRING | Type of the subscription, indicating the nature of event. |
| objectId | STRING | ID for the newly created contact. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Contact",
  "name" : "newContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "appId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/newContact"
}
```


### New Deal
Name: newDeal

`Triggers when a new deal is added.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| appId | App Id | STRING | The id of a Hubspot app used to register this trigger to. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| eventId | STRING | ID of the event that triggered the workflow. |
| subscriptionId | STRING | ID of the subscription associated with this webhook event. |
| subscriptionType | STRING | Type of the subscription, indicating the nature of event. |
| objectId | STRING | ID for the newly created deal. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Deal",
  "name" : "newDeal",
  "parameters" : {
    "appId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/newDeal"
}
```


### New Ticket
Name: newTicket

`Triggers when new ticket is created.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| appId | App Id | STRING | The id of a Hubspot app used to register this trigger to. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| eventId | STRING | ID of the event that triggered the workflow. |
| subscriptionId | STRING | ID of the subscription associated with this webhook event. |
| subscriptionType | STRING | Type of the subscription, indicating the nature of event. |
| objectId | STRING | ID for the newly created ticket. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Ticket",
  "name" : "newTicket",
  "parameters" : {
    "appId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "hubspot/v1/newTicket"
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.
