docs/content/docs/reference/components/hugging-face_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Hugging Face"
description: "Hugging Face is on a journey to advance and democratize artificial intelligence through open source and open science."
---


Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: huggingFace/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Ask
Name: ask

`Ask anything you want.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| url | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint | false |
| format | Format | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="User prompt and optional system prompt.">SIMPLE</span>, <span title="Full control over the messages sent to the model.">ADVANCED</span> </details> | Format of providing the prompt to the model. | true |
| userPrompt | Prompt | STRING | User prompt to the model. | true |
| systemPrompt | System Prompt | STRING | System prompt to the model. | false |
| attachments | Attachments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [FILE_ENTRY] </details> | Only text and image files are supported. Also, only certain models supports images. Please check the documentation. | false |
| messages | Messages | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(role), STRING\(content), [FILE_ENTRY]\(attachments)&#125;] </details> | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. | true |
| response | Response | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(responseFormat), STRING\(responseSchema)&#125; </details> | The response from the API. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Ask",
  "name" : "ask",
  "parameters" : {
    "url" : "",
    "format" : "",
    "userPrompt" : "",
    "systemPrompt" : "",
    "attachments" : [ {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    } ],
    "messages" : [ {
      "role" : "",
      "content" : "",
      "attachments" : [ {
        "extension" : "",
        "mimeType" : "",
        "name" : "",
        "url" : ""
      } ]
    } ],
    "response" : {
      "responseFormat" : "",
      "responseSchema" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "huggingFace/v1/ask"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/hugging-face_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Hugging Face component for ByteChef. AI model library. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Hugging Face
---

Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: huggingFace/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Ask
Name: ask

`Ask anything you want.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| url | URL | STRING | Url of the inference endpoint | false |
| format | Format | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="User prompt and optional system prompt.">SIMPLE</span>, <span title="Full control over the messages sent to the model.">ADVANCED</span> </details> | Format of providing the prompt to the model. | true |
| userPrompt | Prompt | STRING | User prompt to the model. | true |
| systemPrompt | System Prompt | STRING | System prompt to the model. | false |
| attachments | Attachments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [FILE_ENTRY] </details> | Only text and image files are supported. Also, only certain models supports images. Please check the documentation. | false |
| messages | Messages | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(role), STRING\(content), [FILE_ENTRY]\(attachments)&#125;] </details> | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. | true |
| response | Response | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(responseFormat), STRING\(responseSchema)&#125; </details> | The response from the API. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Ask",
  "name" : "ask",
  "parameters" : {
    "url" : "",
    "format" : "",
    "userPrompt" : "",
    "systemPrompt" : "",
    "attachments" : [ {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    } ],
    "messages" : [ {
      "role" : "",
      "content" : "",
      "attachments" : [ {
        "extension" : "",
        "mimeType" : "",
        "name" : "",
        "url" : ""
      } ]
    } ],
    "response" : {
      "responseFormat" : "",
      "responseSchema" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "huggingFace/v1/ask"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.
