docs/content/docs/reference/components/infobip_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Infobip"
description: "Infobip is a global communications platform that provide cloud-based messaging and omnichannel communication solutions for businesses."
---


Categories: Communication


Type: infobip/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| key | API Key | STRING |  | true |
| baseUrl | Base URL | STRING | Personalized base URL for API requests. | true |



## Connection Setup

1. Navigate to https://portal.infobip.com/homepage.
2. Open left sidebar menu.
3. Expand **Developer Tools** and click on **API Keys**.
4. Click on **Create api key**.
5. Fill in the required fields.
6. Select all needed Scopes.
7. Click on **CREATE**.
8. You have your API key.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(53.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
<iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/7e252985-dce7-48b9-bf79-50e81568ca22?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Send SMS
Name: sendSMS

`Send a new SMS message`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| sender | From | STRING | The sender ID. It can be alphanumeric or numeric (e.g., CompanyName). | true |
| to | To | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Message recipient numbers. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | Content of the message being sent. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send SMS",
  "name" : "sendSMS",
  "parameters" : {
    "sender" : "",
    "to" : [ "" ],
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "infobip/v1/sendSMS"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| bulkId | STRING | ID assigned to the request if messaging multiple recipients or sending multiple messages via a single API request. |
| messages | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(messageId), &#123;INTEGER\(groupId), STRING\(groupName), INTEGER\(id), STRING\(name), STRING\(description), STRING\(action)&#125;\(status), STRING\(destination), &#123;INTEGER\(messageCount)&#125;\(details)&#125;] </details> | An array of message objects of a single message or multiple messages sent under one bulk ID. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "bulkId" : "",
  "messages" : [ {
    "messageId" : "",
    "status" : {
      "groupId" : 1,
      "groupName" : "",
      "id" : 1,
      "name" : "",
      "description" : "",
      "action" : ""
    },
    "destination" : "",
    "details" : {
      "messageCount" : 1
    }
  } ]
}
```




### Send Whatsapp Template Message
Name: sendWhatsappTemplateMessage

`Send a template message.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| from | From | STRING | Registered WhatsApp sender number. Must be in international format and comply with WhatsApp's requirements. | true |
| to | To | STRING | Message recipient number. Must be in international format. | true |
| templateName | Template Name | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> from </details> | Name of the WhatsApp template to use. | true |
| placeholders | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> templateName </details> |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Whatsapp Template Message",
  "name" : "sendWhatsappTemplateMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "from" : "",
    "to" : "",
    "templateName" : "",
    "placeholders" : { }
  },
  "type" : "infobip/v1/sendWhatsappTemplateMessage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| messages | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(to), INTEGER\(messageCount), STRING\(messageId), &#123;INTEGER\(groupId), STRING\(groupName), INTEGER\(id), STRING\(name), STRING\(description), STRING\(action)&#125;\(status)&#125;] </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "messages" : [ {
    "to" : "",
    "messageCount" : 1,
    "messageId" : "",
    "status" : {
      "groupId" : 1,
      "groupName" : "",
      "id" : 1,
      "name" : "",
      "description" : "",
      "action" : ""
    }
  } ]
}
```




### Send WhatsApp Text Message
Name: sendWhatsappTextMessage

`Send a  WhatsApp text message to a single recipient.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| from | From | STRING | Registered WhatsApp sender number. Must be in international format and comply with WhatsApp's requirements. | true |
| to | To | STRING | Message recipient number. Must be in international format. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | Content of the message being sent. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send WhatsApp Text Message",
  "name" : "sendWhatsappTextMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "from" : "",
    "to" : "",
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "infobip/v1/sendWhatsappTextMessage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| to | STRING | The destination address of the message. |
| messageCount | INTEGER | Number of messages required to deliver. |
| messageId | STRING | ID of the message sent. |
| status | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(groupId), STRING\(groupName), INTEGER\(id), STRING\(name), STRING\(description), STRING\(action)&#125; </details> | Status of the message. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "to" : "",
  "messageCount" : 1,
  "messageId" : "",
  "status" : {
    "groupId" : 1,
    "groupName" : "",
    "id" : 1,
    "name" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "action" : ""
  }
}
```





## Triggers


### New SMS Message
Name: newSMS

`Triggers when a new SMS message is received.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| number | Number | STRING |  | true |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New SMS Message",
  "name" : "newSMS",
  "parameters" : {
    "number" : ""
  },
  "type" : "infobip/v1/newSMS"
}
```



### New WhatsApp Message
Name: newWhatsappMessage

`Triggers when a new WhatsApp message is received.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| number | Number | STRING |  | true |
| keyword | Keyword | STRING |  | null |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New WhatsApp Message",
  "name" : "newWhatsappMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "number" : "",
    "keyword" : ""
  },
  "type" : "infobip/v1/newWhatsappMessage"
}
```





## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/infobip_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Infobip component for ByteChef. Communication platform and messaging. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Infobip
---

Categories: Communication


Type: infobip/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| key | API Key | STRING |  | true |
| baseUrl | Base URL | STRING | Personalized base URL for API requests. | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Send SMS
Name: sendSMS

`Send a new SMS message`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| sender | From | STRING | The sender ID. It can be alphanumeric or numeric (e.g., CompanyName). | true |
| to | To | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Message recipient numbers. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | Content of the message being sent. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send SMS",
  "name" : "sendSMS",
  "parameters" : {
    "sender" : "",
    "to" : [ "" ],
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "infobip/v1/sendSMS"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| bulkId | STRING | ID assigned to the request if messaging multiple recipients or sending multiple messages via a single API request. |
| messages | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(messageId), &#123;INTEGER\(groupId), STRING\(groupName), INTEGER\(id), STRING\(name), STRING\(description), STRING\(action)&#125;\(status), STRING\(destination), &#123;INTEGER\(messageCount)&#125;\(details)&#125;] </details> | An array of message objects of a single message or multiple messages sent under one bulk ID. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "bulkId" : "",
  "messages" : [ {
    "messageId" : "",
    "status" : {
      "groupId" : 1,
      "groupName" : "",
      "id" : 1,
      "name" : "",
      "description" : "",
      "action" : ""
    },
    "destination" : "",
    "details" : {
      "messageCount" : 1
    }
  } ]
}
```


### Send Whatsapp Template Message
Name: sendWhatsappTemplateMessage

`Send a template message.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| from | From | STRING | Registered WhatsApp sender number. Must be in international format and comply with WhatsApp's requirements. | true |
| to | To | STRING | Message recipient number. Must be in international format. | true |
| templateName | Template Name | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> from </details> | Name of the WhatsApp template to use. | true |
| placeholders | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> templateName </details> |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Whatsapp Template Message",
  "name" : "sendWhatsappTemplateMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "from" : "",
    "to" : "",
    "templateName" : "",
    "placeholders" : { }
  },
  "type" : "infobip/v1/sendWhatsappTemplateMessage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| messages | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(to), INTEGER\(messageCount), STRING\(messageId), &#123;INTEGER\(groupId), STRING\(groupName), INTEGER\(id), STRING\(name), STRING\(description), STRING\(action)&#125;\(status)&#125;] </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "messages" : [ {
    "to" : "",
    "messageCount" : 1,
    "messageId" : "",
    "status" : {
      "groupId" : 1,
      "groupName" : "",
      "id" : 1,
      "name" : "",
      "description" : "",
      "action" : ""
    }
  } ]
}
```


### Send WhatsApp Text Message
Name: sendWhatsappTextMessage

`Send a  WhatsApp text message to a single recipient.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| from | From | STRING | Registered WhatsApp sender number. Must be in international format and comply with WhatsApp's requirements. | true |
| to | To | STRING | Message recipient number. Must be in international format. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | Content of the message being sent. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send WhatsApp Text Message",
  "name" : "sendWhatsappTextMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "from" : "",
    "to" : "",
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "infobip/v1/sendWhatsappTextMessage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| to | STRING | The destination address of the message. |
| messageCount | INTEGER | Number of messages required to deliver. |
| messageId | STRING | ID of the message sent. |
| status | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(groupId), STRING\(groupName), INTEGER\(id), STRING\(name), STRING\(description), STRING\(action)&#125; </details> | Status of the message. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "to" : "",
  "messageCount" : 1,
  "messageId" : "",
  "status" : {
    "groupId" : 1,
    "groupName" : "",
    "id" : 1,
    "name" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "action" : ""
  }
}
```



## Triggers


### New SMS Message
Name: newSMS

`Triggers when a new SMS message is received.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| number | Number | STRING |  | true |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New SMS Message",
  "name" : "newSMS",
  "parameters" : {
    "number" : ""
  },
  "type" : "infobip/v1/newSMS"
}
```


### New WhatsApp Message
Name: newWhatsappMessage

`Triggers when a new WhatsApp message is received.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| number | Number | STRING |  | true |
| keyword | Keyword | STRING |  | null |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New WhatsApp Message",
  "name" : "newWhatsappMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "number" : "",
    "keyword" : ""
  },
  "type" : "infobip/v1/newWhatsappMessage"
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

1. Navigate to https://portal.infobip.com/homepage.
2. Open left sidebar menu.
3. Expand **Developer Tools** and click on **API Keys**.
4. Click on **Create api key**.
5. Fill in the required fields.
6. Select all needed Scopes.
7. Click on **CREATE**.
8. You have your API key.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(53.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
<iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/7e252985-dce7-48b9-bf79-50e81568ca22?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>
