docs/content/docs/reference/components/intercom_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Intercom"
description: "Intercom is the complete AI-first customer service solution, giving exceptional experiences for support teams with AI agent, AI copilot, tickets, ..."
---


Categories: Customer Support


Type: intercom/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client secret | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Create new contact`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| role | Contact Role | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>user</span>, <span>lead</span> </details> | Role of the contact | true |
| email | Contact Email | STRING | Email of the contact | true |
| name | Contact Name | STRING | Name of the contact | false |
| phone | Contact Phone | STRING | Phone of the contact must start with a "+" sign | false |
| avatar | Contact Image | STRING | Image of the contact | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "role" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "name" : "",
    "phone" : "",
    "avatar" : ""
  },
  "type" : "intercom/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| type | STRING | The type of the contact. |
| id | STRING | ID of the contact. |
| role | STRING | Role of the contact. |
| email | STRING | Email of the contact. |
| phone | STRING | The contacts phone. |
| name | STRING | The contacts name. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "type" : "",
  "id" : "",
  "role" : "",
  "email" : "",
  "phone" : "",
  "name" : ""
}
```




### Get Contact
Name: getContact

`Get a single Contact`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| id | Contact ID | STRING |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Contact",
  "name" : "getContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "intercom/v1/getContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| type | STRING | The type of the contact. |
| id | STRING | ID of the contact. |
| role | STRING | Role of the contact. |
| email | STRING | Email of the contact. |
| phone | STRING | The contacts phone. |
| name | STRING | The contacts name. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "type" : "",
  "id" : "",
  "role" : "",
  "email" : "",
  "phone" : "",
  "name" : ""
}
```




### Send Message
Name: sendMessage

`Send a new message`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| message_type | Message Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>inapp</span>, <span>email</span> </details> | In app message or email message | true |
| subject | Title | STRING | Title of the Email/Message | true |
| body | Content | STRING | Content of the message | true |
| template | Template | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>plain</span>, <span>personal</span> </details> | The style of the outgoing message | true |
| to | To | STRING | ID of the contact to send the message to. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Message",
  "name" : "sendMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "message_type" : "",
    "subject" : "",
    "body" : "",
    "template" : "",
    "to" : ""
  },
  "type" : "intercom/v1/sendMessage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| type | STRING | The type of the message. |
| id | STRING | ID of the message. |
| subject | STRING | The subject of the message. |
| body | STRING | The message body, which may contain HTML. |
| message_type | STRING | The type of message that was sent. |
| conversation_id | STRING | The associated conversation_id. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "type" : "",
  "id" : "",
  "subject" : "",
  "body" : "",
  "message_type" : "",
  "conversation_id" : ""
}
```






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/intercom_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Intercom component for ByteChef. Customer messaging and support. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Intercom
---

Categories: Customer Support


Type: intercom/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Create new contact`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| role | Contact Role | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>user</span>, <span>lead</span> </details> | Role of the contact | true |
| email | Contact Email | STRING | Email of the contact | true |
| name | Contact Name | STRING | Name of the contact | false |
| phone | Contact Phone | STRING | Phone of the contact must start with a "+" sign | false |
| avatar | Contact Image | STRING | Image of the contact | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "role" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "name" : "",
    "phone" : "",
    "avatar" : ""
  },
  "type" : "intercom/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| type | STRING | The type of the contact. |
| id | STRING | ID of the contact. |
| role | STRING | Role of the contact. |
| email | STRING | Email of the contact. |
| phone | STRING | The contacts phone. |
| name | STRING | The contacts name. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "type" : "",
  "id" : "",
  "role" : "",
  "email" : "",
  "phone" : "",
  "name" : ""
}
```


### Get Contact
Name: getContact

`Get a single Contact`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| id | Contact ID | STRING |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Contact",
  "name" : "getContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "intercom/v1/getContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| type | STRING | The type of the contact. |
| id | STRING | ID of the contact. |
| role | STRING | Role of the contact. |
| email | STRING | Email of the contact. |
| phone | STRING | The contacts phone. |
| name | STRING | The contacts name. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "type" : "",
  "id" : "",
  "role" : "",
  "email" : "",
  "phone" : "",
  "name" : ""
}
```


### Send Message
Name: sendMessage

`Send a new message`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| message_type | Message Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>inapp</span>, <span>email</span> </details> | In app message or email message | true |
| subject | Title | STRING | Title of the Email/Message | true |
| body | Content | STRING | Content of the message | true |
| template | Template | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>plain</span>, <span>personal</span> </details> | The style of the outgoing message | true |
| to | To | STRING | ID of the contact to send the message to. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Message",
  "name" : "sendMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "message_type" : "",
    "subject" : "",
    "body" : "",
    "template" : "",
    "to" : ""
  },
  "type" : "intercom/v1/sendMessage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| type | STRING | The type of the message. |
| id | STRING | ID of the message. |
| subject | STRING | The subject of the message. |
| body | STRING | The message body, which may contain HTML. |
| message_type | STRING | The type of message that was sent. |
| conversation_id | STRING | The associated conversation_id. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "type" : "",
  "id" : "",
  "subject" : "",
  "body" : "",
  "message_type" : "",
  "conversation_id" : ""
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.
