docs/content/docs/reference/components/jotform_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "JotForm"
description: "JotForm is an online form builder that enables users to create customized forms for various purposes without needing coding skills."
---


Categories: Surveys and Feedback


Type: jotform/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| region | Region | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>us</span>, <span>eu</span> </details> |  | true |
| key | Key | STRING |  | true |
| value | API Key | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Get Form Submissions
Name: getFormSubmissions

`Get all submissions for a specific form.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| formId | Form ID | STRING | ID of the form to retrieve submissions for. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Form Submissions",
  "name" : "getFormSubmissions",
  "parameters" : {
    "formId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "jotform/v1/getFormSubmissions"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| content | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(form_id), STRING\(status), STRING\(new), STRING\(notes)&#125;] </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "content" : [ {
    "id" : "",
    "form_id" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "new" : "",
    "notes" : ""
  } ]
}
```






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/jotform_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "JotForm component for ByteChef. Online form builder and data collection. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: JotForm
---

Categories: Surveys and Feedback


Type: jotform/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| region | Region | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>us</span>, <span>eu</span> </details> |  | true |
| key | Key | STRING |  | true |
| value | API Key | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Get Form Submissions
Name: getFormSubmissions

`Get all submissions for a specific form.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| formId | Form ID | STRING | ID of the form to retrieve submissions for. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Form Submissions",
  "name" : "getFormSubmissions",
  "parameters" : {
    "formId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "jotform/v1/getFormSubmissions"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| content | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(form_id), STRING\(status), STRING\(new), STRING\(notes)&#125;] </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "content" : [ {
    "id" : "",
    "form_id" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "new" : "",
    "notes" : ""
  } ]
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.
