docs/content/docs/reference/components/keap_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Keap"
description: "Keap is a customer comprehensive customer relationship management platform designed to help small businesses streamline sales, marketing, and customer management processes in one integrated system."
---


Categories: CRM


Type: keap/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Create Company
Name: createCompany

`Creates a new company.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| address | CompanyAddress | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#123;STRING\(country_code), STRING\(line1), STRING\(line2), STRING\(locality), STRING\(region), STRING\(zip_code), STRING\(zip_four)&#125;\(address), STRING\(company_name), [&#123;&#123;&#125;\(content), INTEGER\(id)&#125;]\(custom_fields), STRING\(email_address), &#123;STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125;\(fax_number), STRING\(notes), STRING\(opt_in_reason), &#123;STRING\(extension), STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125;\(phone_number), STRING\(website)&#125; </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Company",
  "name" : "createCompany",
  "parameters" : {
    "address" : {
      "address" : {
        "country_code" : "",
        "line1" : "",
        "line2" : "",
        "locality" : "",
        "region" : "",
        "zip_code" : "",
        "zip_four" : ""
      },
      "company_name" : "",
      "custom_fields" : [ {
        "content" : { },
        "id" : 1
      } ],
      "email_address" : "",
      "fax_number" : {
        "number" : "",
        "type" : ""
      },
      "notes" : "",
      "opt_in_reason" : "",
      "phone_number" : {
        "extension" : "",
        "number" : "",
        "type" : ""
      },
      "website" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "keap/v1/createCompany"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| address | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(country_code), STRING\(line1), STRING\(line2), STRING\(locality), STRING\(region), STRING\(zip_code), STRING\(zip_four)&#125; </details> |  |
| company_name | STRING |  |
| custom_fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#123;&#125;\(content), INTEGER\(id)&#125;] </details> |  |
| email_address | STRING |  |
| email_opted_in | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> |  |
| email_status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>UnengagedMarketable</span>, <span>SingleOptIn</span>, <span>DoubleOptin</span>, <span>Confirmed</span>, <span>UnengagedNonMarketable</span>, <span>NonMarketable</span>, <span>Lockdown</span>, <span>Bounce</span>, <span>HardBounce</span>, <span>Manual</span>, <span>Admin</span>, <span>System</span>, <span>ListUnsubscribe</span>, <span>Feedback</span>, <span>Spam</span>, <span>Invalid</span>, <span>Deactivated</span> </details> |  |
| fax_number | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125; </details> |  |
| id | INTEGER |  |
| notes | STRING |  |
| phone_number | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(extension), STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125; </details> |  |
| website | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "address" : {
    "country_code" : "",
    "line1" : "",
    "line2" : "",
    "locality" : "",
    "region" : "",
    "zip_code" : "",
    "zip_four" : ""
  },
  "company_name" : "",
  "custom_fields" : [ {
    "content" : { },
    "id" : 1
  } ],
  "email_address" : "",
  "email_opted_in" : false,
  "email_status" : "",
  "fax_number" : {
    "number" : "",
    "type" : ""
  },
  "id" : 1,
  "notes" : "",
  "phone_number" : {
    "extension" : "",
    "number" : "",
    "type" : ""
  },
  "website" : ""
}
```




### Create Task
Name: createTask

`Creates a new task.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| completed | Completed | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> |  | false |
| completion_date | Completion Date | DATE_TIME |  | false |
| contact | BasicContact | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(email), STRING\(first_name), INTEGER\(id), STRING\(last_name)&#125; </details> |  | false |
| creation_date | Creation Date | DATE_TIME |  | false |
| description | Description | STRING |  | false |
| due_date | Due Date | DATE_TIME |  | false |
| funnel_id | Funnel Id | INTEGER |  | false |
| jgraph_id | Jgraph Id | INTEGER |  | false |
| modification_date | Modification Date | DATE_TIME |  | false |
| priority | Priority | INTEGER |  | false |
| remind_time | Remind Time | INTEGER | Value in minutes before start_date to show pop-up reminder. Acceptable values are in [`5`,`10`,`15`,`30`,`60`,`120`,`240`,`480`,`1440`,`2880`] | false |
| title | Title | STRING |  | false |
| type | Type | STRING |  | false |
| url | Url | STRING |  | false |
| user_id | User Id | INTEGER |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Task",
  "name" : "createTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "completed" : false,
    "completion_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "contact" : {
      "email" : "",
      "first_name" : "",
      "id" : 1,
      "last_name" : ""
    },
    "creation_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "description" : "",
    "due_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "funnel_id" : 1,
    "jgraph_id" : 1,
    "modification_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "priority" : 1,
    "remind_time" : 1,
    "title" : "",
    "type" : "",
    "url" : "",
    "user_id" : 1
  },
  "type" : "keap/v1/createTask"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| completed | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> |  |
| completion_date | DATE_TIME |  |
| contact | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(email), STRING\(first_name), INTEGER\(id), STRING\(last_name)&#125; </details> |  |
| creation_date | DATE_TIME |  |
| description | STRING |  |
| due_date | DATE_TIME |  |
| funnel_id | INTEGER |  |
| jgraph_id | INTEGER |  |
| modification_date | DATE_TIME |  |
| priority | INTEGER |  |
| remind_time | INTEGER | Value in minutes before start_date to show pop-up reminder. Acceptable values are in [`5`,`10`,`15`,`30`,`60`,`120`,`240`,`480`,`1440`,`2880`] |
| title | STRING |  |
| type | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |
| user_id | INTEGER |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "completed" : false,
  "completion_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "contact" : {
    "email" : "",
    "first_name" : "",
    "id" : 1,
    "last_name" : ""
  },
  "creation_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "description" : "",
  "due_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "funnel_id" : 1,
  "jgraph_id" : 1,
  "modification_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "priority" : 1,
  "remind_time" : 1,
  "title" : "",
  "type" : "",
  "url" : "",
  "user_id" : 1
}
```




### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Creates a new contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| addresses | Addresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(country_code), STRING\(field), STRING\(line1), STRING\(line2), STRING\(locality), STRING\(postal_code), STRING\(region), STRING\(zip_code), STRING\(zip_four)&#125;] </details> |  | false |
| anniversary | Anniversary | DATE_TIME |  | false |
| birthday | Birthday | DATE_TIME |  | false |
| company | RequestCompanyReference | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(id)&#125; </details> |  | false |
| contact_type | Contact Type | STRING |  | false |
| custom_fields | Custom Fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#123;&#125;\(content), INTEGER\(id)&#125;] </details> |  | false |
| email_addresses | Email Addresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(email), STRING\(field)&#125;] </details> |  | false |
| family_name | Family Name | STRING |  | false |
| fax_numbers | Fax Numbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(field), STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> |  | false |
| given_name | Given Name | STRING |  | false |
| job_title | Job Title | STRING |  | false |
| lead_source_id | Lead Source Id | INTEGER |  | false |
| middle_name | Middle Name | STRING |  | false |
| opt_in_reason | Opt In Reason | STRING |  | false |
| origin | CreateContactOrigin | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(ip_address)&#125; </details> |  | false |
| owner_id | Owner Id | INTEGER |  | false |
| phone_numbers | Phone Numbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(extension), STRING\(field), STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> |  | false |
| preferred_locale | Preferred Locale | STRING |  | false |
| preferred_name | Preferred Name | STRING |  | false |
| prefix | Prefix | STRING |  | false |
| social_accounts | Social Accounts | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> |  | false |
| source_type | Source Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>APPOINTMENT</span>, <span>FORMAPIHOSTED</span>, <span>FORMAPIINTERNAL</span>, <span>WEBFORM</span>, <span>INTERNALFORM</span>, <span>LANDINGPAGE</span>, <span>IMPORT</span>, <span>MANUAL</span>, <span>API</span>, <span>OTHER</span>, <span>UNKNOWN</span> </details> |  | false |
| spouse_name | Spouse Name | STRING |  | false |
| suffix | Suffix | STRING |  | false |
| time_zone | Time Zone | STRING |  | false |
| website | Website | STRING |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "addresses" : [ {
      "country_code" : "",
      "field" : "",
      "line1" : "",
      "line2" : "",
      "locality" : "",
      "postal_code" : "",
      "region" : "",
      "zip_code" : "",
      "zip_four" : ""
    } ],
    "anniversary" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "birthday" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "company" : {
      "id" : 1
    },
    "contact_type" : "",
    "custom_fields" : [ {
      "content" : { },
      "id" : 1
    } ],
    "email_addresses" : [ {
      "email" : "",
      "field" : ""
    } ],
    "family_name" : "",
    "fax_numbers" : [ {
      "field" : "",
      "number" : "",
      "type" : ""
    } ],
    "given_name" : "",
    "job_title" : "",
    "lead_source_id" : 1,
    "middle_name" : "",
    "opt_in_reason" : "",
    "origin" : {
      "ip_address" : ""
    },
    "owner_id" : 1,
    "phone_numbers" : [ {
      "extension" : "",
      "field" : "",
      "number" : "",
      "type" : ""
    } ],
    "preferred_locale" : "",
    "preferred_name" : "",
    "prefix" : "",
    "social_accounts" : [ {
      "name" : "",
      "type" : ""
    } ],
    "source_type" : "",
    "spouse_name" : "",
    "suffix" : "",
    "time_zone" : "",
    "website" : ""
  },
  "type" : "keap/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| ScoreValue | STRING |  |
| addresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(country_code), STRING\(field), STRING\(line1), STRING\(line2), STRING\(locality), STRING\(postal_code), STRING\(region), STRING\(zip_code), STRING\(zip_four)&#125;] </details> |  |
| anniversary | DATE_TIME |  |
| birthday | DATE_TIME |  |
| company | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(company_name), INTEGER\(id)&#125; </details> |  |
| company_name | STRING |  |
| contact_type | STRING |  |
| custom_fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#123;&#125;\(content), INTEGER\(id)&#125;] </details> |  |
| date_created | DATE_TIME |  |
| email_addresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(email), STRING\(field)&#125;] </details> |  |
| email_opted_in | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> |  |
| email_status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>UnengagedMarketable</span>, <span>SingleOptIn</span>, <span>DoubleOptin</span>, <span>Confirmed</span>, <span>UnengagedNonMarketable</span>, <span>NonMarketable</span>, <span>Lockdown</span>, <span>Bounce</span>, <span>HardBounce</span>, <span>Manual</span>, <span>Admin</span>, <span>System</span>, <span>ListUnsubscribe</span>, <span>Feedback</span>, <span>Spam</span>, <span>Invalid</span>, <span>Deactivated</span> </details> |  |
| family_name | STRING |  |
| fax_numbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(field), STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> |  |
| given_name | STRING |  |
| id | INTEGER |  |
| job_title | STRING |  |
| last_updated | DATE_TIME |  |
| lead_source_id | INTEGER |  |
| middle_name | STRING |  |
| opt_in_reason | STRING |  |
| origin | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;DATE_TIME\(date), STRING\(ip_address)&#125; </details> |  |
| owner_id | INTEGER |  |
| phone_numbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(extension), STRING\(field), STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> |  |
| preferred_locale | STRING |  |
| preferred_name | STRING |  |
| prefix | STRING |  |
| relationships | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;INTEGER\(id), INTEGER\(linked_contact_id), INTEGER\(relationship_type_id)&#125;] </details> |  |
| social_accounts | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> |  |
| source_type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>APPOINTMENT</span>, <span>FORMAPIHOSTED</span>, <span>FORMAPIINTERNAL</span>, <span>WEBFORM</span>, <span>INTERNALFORM</span>, <span>LANDINGPAGE</span>, <span>IMPORT</span>, <span>MANUAL</span>, <span>API</span>, <span>OTHER</span>, <span>UNKNOWN</span> </details> |  |
| spouse_name | STRING |  |
| suffix | STRING |  |
| tag_ids | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [INTEGER] </details> |  |
| time_zone | STRING |  |
| website | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "ScoreValue" : "",
  "addresses" : [ {
    "country_code" : "",
    "field" : "",
    "line1" : "",
    "line2" : "",
    "locality" : "",
    "postal_code" : "",
    "region" : "",
    "zip_code" : "",
    "zip_four" : ""
  } ],
  "anniversary" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "birthday" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "company" : {
    "company_name" : "",
    "id" : 1
  },
  "company_name" : "",
  "contact_type" : "",
  "custom_fields" : [ {
    "content" : { },
    "id" : 1
  } ],
  "date_created" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "email_addresses" : [ {
    "email" : "",
    "field" : ""
  } ],
  "email_opted_in" : false,
  "email_status" : "",
  "family_name" : "",
  "fax_numbers" : [ {
    "field" : "",
    "number" : "",
    "type" : ""
  } ],
  "given_name" : "",
  "id" : 1,
  "job_title" : "",
  "last_updated" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "lead_source_id" : 1,
  "middle_name" : "",
  "opt_in_reason" : "",
  "origin" : {
    "date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "ip_address" : ""
  },
  "owner_id" : 1,
  "phone_numbers" : [ {
    "extension" : "",
    "field" : "",
    "number" : "",
    "type" : ""
  } ],
  "preferred_locale" : "",
  "preferred_name" : "",
  "prefix" : "",
  "relationships" : [ {
    "id" : 1,
    "linked_contact_id" : 1,
    "relationship_type_id" : 1
  } ],
  "social_accounts" : [ {
    "name" : "",
    "type" : ""
  } ],
  "source_type" : "",
  "spouse_name" : "",
  "suffix" : "",
  "tag_ids" : [ 1 ],
  "time_zone" : "",
  "website" : ""
}
```






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/keap_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Keap component for ByteChef. Customer relationship management. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Keap
---

Categories: CRM


Type: keap/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Company
Name: createCompany

`Creates a new company.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| address | CompanyAddress | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#123;STRING\(country_code), STRING\(line1), STRING\(line2), STRING\(locality), STRING\(region), STRING\(zip_code), STRING\(zip_four)&#125;\(address), STRING\(company_name), [&#123;&#123;&#125;\(content), INTEGER\(id)&#125;]\(custom_fields), STRING\(email_address), &#123;STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125;\(fax_number), STRING\(notes), STRING\(opt_in_reason), &#123;STRING\(extension), STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125;\(phone_number), STRING\(website)&#125; </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Company",
  "name" : "createCompany",
  "parameters" : {
    "address" : {
      "address" : {
        "country_code" : "",
        "line1" : "",
        "line2" : "",
        "locality" : "",
        "region" : "",
        "zip_code" : "",
        "zip_four" : ""
      },
      "company_name" : "",
      "custom_fields" : [ {
        "content" : { },
        "id" : 1
      } ],
      "email_address" : "",
      "fax_number" : {
        "number" : "",
        "type" : ""
      },
      "notes" : "",
      "opt_in_reason" : "",
      "phone_number" : {
        "extension" : "",
        "number" : "",
        "type" : ""
      },
      "website" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "keap/v1/createCompany"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| address | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(country_code), STRING\(line1), STRING\(line2), STRING\(locality), STRING\(region), STRING\(zip_code), STRING\(zip_four)&#125; </details> |  |
| company_name | STRING |  |
| custom_fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#123;&#125;\(content), INTEGER\(id)&#125;] </details> |  |
| email_address | STRING |  |
| email_opted_in | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> |  |
| email_status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>UnengagedMarketable</span>, <span>SingleOptIn</span>, <span>DoubleOptin</span>, <span>Confirmed</span>, <span>UnengagedNonMarketable</span>, <span>NonMarketable</span>, <span>Lockdown</span>, <span>Bounce</span>, <span>HardBounce</span>, <span>Manual</span>, <span>Admin</span>, <span>System</span>, <span>ListUnsubscribe</span>, <span>Feedback</span>, <span>Spam</span>, <span>Invalid</span>, <span>Deactivated</span> </details> |  |
| fax_number | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125; </details> |  |
| id | INTEGER |  |
| notes | STRING |  |
| phone_number | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(extension), STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125; </details> |  |
| website | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "address" : {
    "country_code" : "",
    "line1" : "",
    "line2" : "",
    "locality" : "",
    "region" : "",
    "zip_code" : "",
    "zip_four" : ""
  },
  "company_name" : "",
  "custom_fields" : [ {
    "content" : { },
    "id" : 1
  } ],
  "email_address" : "",
  "email_opted_in" : false,
  "email_status" : "",
  "fax_number" : {
    "number" : "",
    "type" : ""
  },
  "id" : 1,
  "notes" : "",
  "phone_number" : {
    "extension" : "",
    "number" : "",
    "type" : ""
  },
  "website" : ""
}
```


### Create Task
Name: createTask

`Creates a new task.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| completed | Completed | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> |  | false |
| completion_date | Completion Date | DATE_TIME |  | false |
| contact | BasicContact | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(email), STRING\(first_name), INTEGER\(id), STRING\(last_name)&#125; </details> |  | false |
| creation_date | Creation Date | DATE_TIME |  | false |
| description | Description | STRING |  | false |
| due_date | Due Date | DATE_TIME |  | false |
| funnel_id | Funnel Id | INTEGER |  | false |
| jgraph_id | Jgraph Id | INTEGER |  | false |
| modification_date | Modification Date | DATE_TIME |  | false |
| priority | Priority | INTEGER |  | false |
| remind_time | Remind Time | INTEGER | Value in minutes before start_date to show pop-up reminder. Acceptable values are in [`5`,`10`,`15`,`30`,`60`,`120`,`240`,`480`,`1440`,`2880`] | false |
| title | Title | STRING |  | false |
| type | Type | STRING |  | false |
| url | Url | STRING |  | false |
| user_id | User Id | INTEGER |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Task",
  "name" : "createTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "completed" : false,
    "completion_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "contact" : {
      "email" : "",
      "first_name" : "",
      "id" : 1,
      "last_name" : ""
    },
    "creation_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "description" : "",
    "due_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "funnel_id" : 1,
    "jgraph_id" : 1,
    "modification_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "priority" : 1,
    "remind_time" : 1,
    "title" : "",
    "type" : "",
    "url" : "",
    "user_id" : 1
  },
  "type" : "keap/v1/createTask"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| completed | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> |  |
| completion_date | DATE_TIME |  |
| contact | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(email), STRING\(first_name), INTEGER\(id), STRING\(last_name)&#125; </details> |  |
| creation_date | DATE_TIME |  |
| description | STRING |  |
| due_date | DATE_TIME |  |
| funnel_id | INTEGER |  |
| jgraph_id | INTEGER |  |
| modification_date | DATE_TIME |  |
| priority | INTEGER |  |
| remind_time | INTEGER | Value in minutes before start_date to show pop-up reminder. Acceptable values are in [`5`,`10`,`15`,`30`,`60`,`120`,`240`,`480`,`1440`,`2880`] |
| title | STRING |  |
| type | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |
| user_id | INTEGER |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "completed" : false,
  "completion_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "contact" : {
    "email" : "",
    "first_name" : "",
    "id" : 1,
    "last_name" : ""
  },
  "creation_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "description" : "",
  "due_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "funnel_id" : 1,
  "jgraph_id" : 1,
  "modification_date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "priority" : 1,
  "remind_time" : 1,
  "title" : "",
  "type" : "",
  "url" : "",
  "user_id" : 1
}
```


### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Creates a new contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| addresses | Addresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(country_code), STRING\(field), STRING\(line1), STRING\(line2), STRING\(locality), STRING\(postal_code), STRING\(region), STRING\(zip_code), STRING\(zip_four)&#125;] </details> |  | false |
| anniversary | Anniversary | DATE_TIME |  | false |
| birthday | Birthday | DATE_TIME |  | false |
| company | RequestCompanyReference | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(id)&#125; </details> |  | false |
| contact_type | Contact Type | STRING |  | false |
| custom_fields | Custom Fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#123;&#125;\(content), INTEGER\(id)&#125;] </details> |  | false |
| email_addresses | Email Addresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(email), STRING\(field)&#125;] </details> |  | false |
| family_name | Family Name | STRING |  | false |
| fax_numbers | Fax Numbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(field), STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> |  | false |
| given_name | Given Name | STRING |  | false |
| job_title | Job Title | STRING |  | false |
| lead_source_id | Lead Source Id | INTEGER |  | false |
| middle_name | Middle Name | STRING |  | false |
| opt_in_reason | Opt In Reason | STRING |  | false |
| origin | CreateContactOrigin | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(ip_address)&#125; </details> |  | false |
| owner_id | Owner Id | INTEGER |  | false |
| phone_numbers | Phone Numbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(extension), STRING\(field), STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> |  | false |
| preferred_locale | Preferred Locale | STRING |  | false |
| preferred_name | Preferred Name | STRING |  | false |
| prefix | Prefix | STRING |  | false |
| social_accounts | Social Accounts | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> |  | false |
| source_type | Source Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>APPOINTMENT</span>, <span>FORMAPIHOSTED</span>, <span>FORMAPIINTERNAL</span>, <span>WEBFORM</span>, <span>INTERNALFORM</span>, <span>LANDINGPAGE</span>, <span>IMPORT</span>, <span>MANUAL</span>, <span>API</span>, <span>OTHER</span>, <span>UNKNOWN</span> </details> |  | false |
| spouse_name | Spouse Name | STRING |  | false |
| suffix | Suffix | STRING |  | false |
| time_zone | Time Zone | STRING |  | false |
| website | Website | STRING |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "addresses" : [ {
      "country_code" : "",
      "field" : "",
      "line1" : "",
      "line2" : "",
      "locality" : "",
      "postal_code" : "",
      "region" : "",
      "zip_code" : "",
      "zip_four" : ""
    } ],
    "anniversary" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "birthday" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "company" : {
      "id" : 1
    },
    "contact_type" : "",
    "custom_fields" : [ {
      "content" : { },
      "id" : 1
    } ],
    "email_addresses" : [ {
      "email" : "",
      "field" : ""
    } ],
    "family_name" : "",
    "fax_numbers" : [ {
      "field" : "",
      "number" : "",
      "type" : ""
    } ],
    "given_name" : "",
    "job_title" : "",
    "lead_source_id" : 1,
    "middle_name" : "",
    "opt_in_reason" : "",
    "origin" : {
      "ip_address" : ""
    },
    "owner_id" : 1,
    "phone_numbers" : [ {
      "extension" : "",
      "field" : "",
      "number" : "",
      "type" : ""
    } ],
    "preferred_locale" : "",
    "preferred_name" : "",
    "prefix" : "",
    "social_accounts" : [ {
      "name" : "",
      "type" : ""
    } ],
    "source_type" : "",
    "spouse_name" : "",
    "suffix" : "",
    "time_zone" : "",
    "website" : ""
  },
  "type" : "keap/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| ScoreValue | STRING |  |
| addresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(country_code), STRING\(field), STRING\(line1), STRING\(line2), STRING\(locality), STRING\(postal_code), STRING\(region), STRING\(zip_code), STRING\(zip_four)&#125;] </details> |  |
| anniversary | DATE_TIME |  |
| birthday | DATE_TIME |  |
| company | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(company_name), INTEGER\(id)&#125; </details> |  |
| company_name | STRING |  |
| contact_type | STRING |  |
| custom_fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#123;&#125;\(content), INTEGER\(id)&#125;] </details> |  |
| date_created | DATE_TIME |  |
| email_addresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(email), STRING\(field)&#125;] </details> |  |
| email_opted_in | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> |  |
| email_status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>UnengagedMarketable</span>, <span>SingleOptIn</span>, <span>DoubleOptin</span>, <span>Confirmed</span>, <span>UnengagedNonMarketable</span>, <span>NonMarketable</span>, <span>Lockdown</span>, <span>Bounce</span>, <span>HardBounce</span>, <span>Manual</span>, <span>Admin</span>, <span>System</span>, <span>ListUnsubscribe</span>, <span>Feedback</span>, <span>Spam</span>, <span>Invalid</span>, <span>Deactivated</span> </details> |  |
| family_name | STRING |  |
| fax_numbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(field), STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> |  |
| given_name | STRING |  |
| id | INTEGER |  |
| job_title | STRING |  |
| last_updated | DATE_TIME |  |
| lead_source_id | INTEGER |  |
| middle_name | STRING |  |
| opt_in_reason | STRING |  |
| origin | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;DATE_TIME\(date), STRING\(ip_address)&#125; </details> |  |
| owner_id | INTEGER |  |
| phone_numbers | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(extension), STRING\(field), STRING\(number), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> |  |
| preferred_locale | STRING |  |
| preferred_name | STRING |  |
| prefix | STRING |  |
| relationships | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;INTEGER\(id), INTEGER\(linked_contact_id), INTEGER\(relationship_type_id)&#125;] </details> |  |
| social_accounts | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> |  |
| source_type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>APPOINTMENT</span>, <span>FORMAPIHOSTED</span>, <span>FORMAPIINTERNAL</span>, <span>WEBFORM</span>, <span>INTERNALFORM</span>, <span>LANDINGPAGE</span>, <span>IMPORT</span>, <span>MANUAL</span>, <span>API</span>, <span>OTHER</span>, <span>UNKNOWN</span> </details> |  |
| spouse_name | STRING |  |
| suffix | STRING |  |
| tag_ids | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [INTEGER] </details> |  |
| time_zone | STRING |  |
| website | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "ScoreValue" : "",
  "addresses" : [ {
    "country_code" : "",
    "field" : "",
    "line1" : "",
    "line2" : "",
    "locality" : "",
    "postal_code" : "",
    "region" : "",
    "zip_code" : "",
    "zip_four" : ""
  } ],
  "anniversary" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "birthday" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "company" : {
    "company_name" : "",
    "id" : 1
  },
  "company_name" : "",
  "contact_type" : "",
  "custom_fields" : [ {
    "content" : { },
    "id" : 1
  } ],
  "date_created" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "email_addresses" : [ {
    "email" : "",
    "field" : ""
  } ],
  "email_opted_in" : false,
  "email_status" : "",
  "family_name" : "",
  "fax_numbers" : [ {
    "field" : "",
    "number" : "",
    "type" : ""
  } ],
  "given_name" : "",
  "id" : 1,
  "job_title" : "",
  "last_updated" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
  "lead_source_id" : 1,
  "middle_name" : "",
  "opt_in_reason" : "",
  "origin" : {
    "date" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
    "ip_address" : ""
  },
  "owner_id" : 1,
  "phone_numbers" : [ {
    "extension" : "",
    "field" : "",
    "number" : "",
    "type" : ""
  } ],
  "preferred_locale" : "",
  "preferred_name" : "",
  "prefix" : "",
  "relationships" : [ {
    "id" : 1,
    "linked_contact_id" : 1,
    "relationship_type_id" : 1
  } ],
  "social_accounts" : [ {
    "name" : "",
    "type" : ""
  } ],
  "source_type" : "",
  "spouse_name" : "",
  "suffix" : "",
  "tag_ids" : [ 1 ],
  "time_zone" : "",
  "website" : ""
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.
