docs/content/docs/reference/components/klaviyo_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Klaviyo"
description: "Klaviyo is a marketing automation platform primarily used for email and SMS marketing, especially by e-commerce businesses."
---


Categories: Marketing Automation


Type: klaviyo/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| key | Key | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

1. Login to the dashboard at https://www.klaviyo.com/login?next=/account.
2. Click on your account.
3. Click on Settings.
4. Click on API keys.
5. Under the Private API Keys section, select Create Private API Key.
6. Name your API key and select Full Access Key.
7. Click Create.
8. Copy the API key. Use these credentials to create a connection in ByteChef.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
<iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/wgokkQZJMgzfu6z25DJW?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Get Lists
Name: getLists

`Get all lists in an account.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| listFields | List Fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | List of fields to include for each related list object. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Lists",
  "name" : "getLists",
  "parameters" : {
    "listFields" : [ "" ]
  },
  "type" : "klaviyo/v1/getLists"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id), &#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(created), STRING\(updated), STRING\(opt_in_process)&#125;\(attributes), &#123;STRING\(self)&#125;\(links), &#123;&#123;&#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(related)&#125;\(links)&#125;\(profiles), &#123;[&#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id)&#125;]\(data), &#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(related)&#125;\(links)&#125;\(tags), &#123;[&#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id)&#125;]\(data), &#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(related)&#125;\(links)&#125;\(flow-triggers)&#125;\(relationships)&#125;] </details> |  |
| links | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(first), STRING\(last), STRING\(prev), STRING\(next)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : [ {
    "type" : "",
    "id" : "",
    "attributes" : {
      "name" : "",
      "created" : "",
      "updated" : "",
      "opt_in_process" : ""
    },
    "links" : {
      "self" : ""
    },
    "relationships" : {
      "profiles" : {
        "links" : {
          "self" : "",
          "related" : ""
        }
      },
      "tags" : {
        "data" : [ {
          "type" : "",
          "id" : ""
        } ],
        "links" : {
          "self" : "",
          "related" : ""
        }
      },
      "flow-triggers" : {
        "data" : [ {
          "type" : "",
          "id" : ""
        } ],
        "links" : {
          "self" : "",
          "related" : ""
        }
      }
    }
  } ],
  "links" : {
    "self" : "",
    "first" : "",
    "last" : "",
    "prev" : "",
    "next" : ""
  }
}
```




### Subscribe Profiles
Name: subscribeProfiles

`Subscribe one or more profiles to email marketing, SMS marketing, or both.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| profileId | Profile ID | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | The IDs of the profile to subscribe. | true |
| subscription | Subscription | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | The subscription parameters to subscribe to on the email or sms channel. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Subscribe Profiles",
  "name" : "subscribeProfiles",
  "parameters" : {
    "profileId" : [ "" ],
    "subscription" : [ "" ]
  },
  "type" : "klaviyo/v1/subscribeProfiles"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Update Profile
Name: updateProfile

`Update the profile with the given profile ID.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| profileId | Profile ID | STRING | Primary key that uniquely identifies this profile. | true |
| email | Email | STRING | Individual's email address. | false |
| phone_number | Phone Number | STRING | Individual's phone number in E.164 format. | false |
| first_name | First Name | STRING | Individual's first name. | false |
| last_name | Last Name | STRING | Individual's last name. | false |
| organization | Organization | STRING | Name of the company or organization within the company for whom the individual works. | false |
| locale | Locale | STRING | The locale of the profile, in the IETF BCP 47 language tag format like (ISO 639-1/2)-(ISO 3166 alpha-2). | false |
| title | Title | STRING | Individual's job title. | false |
| image | Image | STRING | URL pointing to the location of a profile image. | false |
| address1 | Address1 | STRING | First line of street address. | false |
| address2 | Address2 | STRING | Second line of street address. | false |
| city | City | STRING | City name. | false |
| country | Country | STRING | Country name. | false |
| region | Region | STRING | Region within a country, such as state or province. | false |
| zip | Zip | STRING | Zip code. | false |
| timezone | Timezone | STRING | Time zone name. We recommend using time zones from the IANA Time Zone Database.. | false |
| ip | IP | STRING | IP address. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Profile",
  "name" : "updateProfile",
  "parameters" : {
    "profileId" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "phone_number" : "",
    "first_name" : "",
    "last_name" : "",
    "organization" : "",
    "locale" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "image" : "",
    "address1" : "",
    "address2" : "",
    "city" : "",
    "country" : "",
    "region" : "",
    "zip" : "",
    "timezone" : "",
    "ip" : ""
  },
  "type" : "klaviyo/v1/updateProfile"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id), &#123;STRING\(email), STRING\(phone_number), STRING\(external_id), STRING\(anonymous_id), STRING\(first_name), STRING\(last_name), STRING\(organization), STRING\(locale), STRING\(title), STRING\(image), STRING\(created), STRING\(updated), STRING\(last_event_date), &#123;STRING\(address1), STRING\(address2), STRING\(city), STRING\(country), &#123;&#125;\(latitude), &#123;&#125;\(longitude), STRING\(region), STRING\(zip), STRING\(timezone), STRING\(ip)&#125;\(location), &#123;&#125;\(properties), &#123;&#123;&#123;BOOLEAN\(can_receive_email_marketing), STRING\(consent), DATE_TIME\(consent_timestamp), DATE_TIME\(last_updated), STRING\(method), STRING\(method_detail), STRING\(custom_method_detail), BOOLEAN\(double_optin), [STRING\($reason), DATE_TIME\($timestamp)]\(suppression), [STRING\($list_id), STRING\($reason), DATE_TIME\($timestamp)]\(list_suppressions)&#125;\(marketing)&#125;\(email), &#123;&#123;BOOLEAN\(can_receive_sms_marketing), STRING\(consent), DATE_TIME\(consent_timestamp), STRING\(method), STRING\(method_detail), DATE_TIME\(last_updated)&#125;\(marketing), &#123;BOOLEAN\(can_receive_sms_transactional), STRING\(consent), DATE_TIME\(consent_timestamp), STRING\(method), STRING\(method_detail), DATE_TIME\(last_updated)&#125;\(transactional)&#125;\(sms), &#123;&#123;BOOLEAN\(can_receive_push_marketing), STRING\(consent), DATE_TIME\(consent_timestamp)&#125;\(marketing)&#125;\(mobile_push)&#125;\(subscriptions), &#123;NUMBER\(historic_clv), NUMBER\(predicted_clv), NUMBER\(total_clv), NUMBER\(historic_number_of_orders), NUMBER\(predicted_number_of_orders), NUMBER\(average_days_between_orders), NUMBER\(average_order_value), NUMBER\(churn_probability), DATE_TIME\(expected_date_of_next_order)&#125;\(predictive_analytics)&#125;\(attributes), &#123;STRING\(self)&#125;\(links), &#123;&#123;&#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id)&#125;\(data), &#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(related)&#125;\(links)&#125;\(lists), &#123;&#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id)&#125;\(data), &#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(related)&#125;\(links)&#125;\(segments), &#123;&#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id)&#125;\(data), &#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(related)&#125;\(links)&#125;\(push-tokens)&#125;\(relationships)&#125; </details> |  |
| links | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(self)&#125; </details> | Links. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "type" : "",
    "id" : "",
    "attributes" : {
      "email" : "",
      "phone_number" : "",
      "external_id" : "",
      "anonymous_id" : "",
      "first_name" : "",
      "last_name" : "",
      "organization" : "",
      "locale" : "",
      "title" : "",
      "image" : "",
      "created" : "",
      "updated" : "",
      "last_event_date" : "",
      "location" : {
        "address1" : "",
        "address2" : "",
        "city" : "",
        "country" : "",
        "latitude" : { },
        "longitude" : { },
        "region" : "",
        "zip" : "",
        "timezone" : "",
        "ip" : ""
      },
      "properties" : { },
      "subscriptions" : {
        "email" : {
          "marketing" : {
            "can_receive_email_marketing" : false,
            "consent" : "",
            "consent_timestamp" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
            "last_updated" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
            "method" : "",
            "method_detail" : "",
            "custom_method_detail" : "",
            "double_optin" : false,
            "suppression" : [ "", "2021-01-01T00:00:00" ],
            "list_suppressions" : [ "", "", "2021-01-01T00:00:00" ]
          }
        },
        "sms" : {
          "marketing" : {
            "can_receive_sms_marketing" : false,
            "consent" : "",
            "consent_timestamp" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
            "method" : "",
            "method_detail" : "",
            "last_updated" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00"
          },
          "transactional" : {
            "can_receive_sms_transactional" : false,
            "consent" : "",
            "consent_timestamp" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
            "method" : "",
            "method_detail" : "",
            "last_updated" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00"
          }
        },
        "mobile_push" : {
          "marketing" : {
            "can_receive_push_marketing" : false,
            "consent" : "",
            "consent_timestamp" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00"
          }
        }
      },
      "predictive_analytics" : {
        "historic_clv" : 0.0,
        "predicted_clv" : 0.0,
        "total_clv" : 0.0,
        "historic_number_of_orders" : 0.0,
        "predicted_number_of_orders" : 0.0,
        "average_days_between_orders" : 0.0,
        "average_order_value" : 0.0,
        "churn_probability" : 0.0,
        "expected_date_of_next_order" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00"
      }
    },
    "links" : {
      "self" : ""
    },
    "relationships" : {
      "lists" : {
        "data" : {
          "type" : "",
          "id" : ""
        },
        "links" : {
          "self" : "",
          "related" : ""
        }
      },
      "segments" : {
        "data" : {
          "type" : "",
          "id" : ""
        },
        "links" : {
          "self" : "",
          "related" : ""
        }
      },
      "push-tokens" : {
        "data" : {
          "type" : "",
          "id" : ""
        },
        "links" : {
          "self" : "",
          "related" : ""
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "links" : {
    "self" : ""
  }
}
```






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/klaviyo_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Klaviyo component for ByteChef. Email marketing automation. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Klaviyo
---

Categories: Marketing Automation


Type: klaviyo/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| key | Key | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Get Lists
Name: getLists

`Get all lists in an account.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| listFields | List Fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | List of fields to include for each related list object. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Lists",
  "name" : "getLists",
  "parameters" : {
    "listFields" : [ "" ]
  },
  "type" : "klaviyo/v1/getLists"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id), &#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(created), STRING\(updated), STRING\(opt_in_process)&#125;\(attributes), &#123;STRING\(self)&#125;\(links), &#123;&#123;&#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(related)&#125;\(links)&#125;\(profiles), &#123;[&#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id)&#125;]\(data), &#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(related)&#125;\(links)&#125;\(tags), &#123;[&#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id)&#125;]\(data), &#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(related)&#125;\(links)&#125;\(flow-triggers)&#125;\(relationships)&#125;] </details> |  |
| links | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(first), STRING\(last), STRING\(prev), STRING\(next)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : [ {
    "type" : "",
    "id" : "",
    "attributes" : {
      "name" : "",
      "created" : "",
      "updated" : "",
      "opt_in_process" : ""
    },
    "links" : {
      "self" : ""
    },
    "relationships" : {
      "profiles" : {
        "links" : {
          "self" : "",
          "related" : ""
        }
      },
      "tags" : {
        "data" : [ {
          "type" : "",
          "id" : ""
        } ],
        "links" : {
          "self" : "",
          "related" : ""
        }
      },
      "flow-triggers" : {
        "data" : [ {
          "type" : "",
          "id" : ""
        } ],
        "links" : {
          "self" : "",
          "related" : ""
        }
      }
    }
  } ],
  "links" : {
    "self" : "",
    "first" : "",
    "last" : "",
    "prev" : "",
    "next" : ""
  }
}
```


### Subscribe Profiles
Name: subscribeProfiles

`Subscribe one or more profiles to email marketing, SMS marketing, or both.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| profileId | Profile ID | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | The IDs of the profile to subscribe. | true |
| subscription | Subscription | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | The subscription parameters to subscribe to on the email or sms channel. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Subscribe Profiles",
  "name" : "subscribeProfiles",
  "parameters" : {
    "profileId" : [ "" ],
    "subscription" : [ "" ]
  },
  "type" : "klaviyo/v1/subscribeProfiles"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Update Profile
Name: updateProfile

`Update the profile with the given profile ID.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| profileId | Profile ID | STRING | Primary key that uniquely identifies this profile. | true |
| email | Email | STRING | Individual's email address. | false |
| phone_number | Phone Number | STRING | Individual's phone number in E.164 format. | false |
| first_name | First Name | STRING | Individual's first name. | false |
| last_name | Last Name | STRING | Individual's last name. | false |
| organization | Organization | STRING | Name of the company or organization within the company for whom the individual works. | false |
| locale | Locale | STRING | The locale of the profile, in the IETF BCP 47 language tag format like (ISO 639-1/2)-(ISO 3166 alpha-2). | false |
| title | Title | STRING | Individual's job title. | false |
| image | Image | STRING | URL pointing to the location of a profile image. | false |
| address1 | Address1 | STRING | First line of street address. | false |
| address2 | Address2 | STRING | Second line of street address. | false |
| city | City | STRING | City name. | false |
| country | Country | STRING | Country name. | false |
| region | Region | STRING | Region within a country, such as state or province. | false |
| zip | Zip | STRING | Zip code. | false |
| timezone | Timezone | STRING | Time zone name. We recommend using time zones from the IANA Time Zone Database.. | false |
| ip | IP | STRING | IP address. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Profile",
  "name" : "updateProfile",
  "parameters" : {
    "profileId" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "phone_number" : "",
    "first_name" : "",
    "last_name" : "",
    "organization" : "",
    "locale" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "image" : "",
    "address1" : "",
    "address2" : "",
    "city" : "",
    "country" : "",
    "region" : "",
    "zip" : "",
    "timezone" : "",
    "ip" : ""
  },
  "type" : "klaviyo/v1/updateProfile"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id), &#123;STRING\(email), STRING\(phone_number), STRING\(external_id), STRING\(anonymous_id), STRING\(first_name), STRING\(last_name), STRING\(organization), STRING\(locale), STRING\(title), STRING\(image), STRING\(created), STRING\(updated), STRING\(last_event_date), &#123;STRING\(address1), STRING\(address2), STRING\(city), STRING\(country), &#123;&#125;\(latitude), &#123;&#125;\(longitude), STRING\(region), STRING\(zip), STRING\(timezone), STRING\(ip)&#125;\(location), &#123;&#125;\(properties), &#123;&#123;&#123;BOOLEAN\(can_receive_email_marketing), STRING\(consent), DATE_TIME\(consent_timestamp), DATE_TIME\(last_updated), STRING\(method), STRING\(method_detail), STRING\(custom_method_detail), BOOLEAN\(double_optin), [STRING\($reason), DATE_TIME\($timestamp)]\(suppression), [STRING\($list_id), STRING\($reason), DATE_TIME\($timestamp)]\(list_suppressions)&#125;\(marketing)&#125;\(email), &#123;&#123;BOOLEAN\(can_receive_sms_marketing), STRING\(consent), DATE_TIME\(consent_timestamp), STRING\(method), STRING\(method_detail), DATE_TIME\(last_updated)&#125;\(marketing), &#123;BOOLEAN\(can_receive_sms_transactional), STRING\(consent), DATE_TIME\(consent_timestamp), STRING\(method), STRING\(method_detail), DATE_TIME\(last_updated)&#125;\(transactional)&#125;\(sms), &#123;&#123;BOOLEAN\(can_receive_push_marketing), STRING\(consent), DATE_TIME\(consent_timestamp)&#125;\(marketing)&#125;\(mobile_push)&#125;\(subscriptions), &#123;NUMBER\(historic_clv), NUMBER\(predicted_clv), NUMBER\(total_clv), NUMBER\(historic_number_of_orders), NUMBER\(predicted_number_of_orders), NUMBER\(average_days_between_orders), NUMBER\(average_order_value), NUMBER\(churn_probability), DATE_TIME\(expected_date_of_next_order)&#125;\(predictive_analytics)&#125;\(attributes), &#123;STRING\(self)&#125;\(links), &#123;&#123;&#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id)&#125;\(data), &#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(related)&#125;\(links)&#125;\(lists), &#123;&#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id)&#125;\(data), &#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(related)&#125;\(links)&#125;\(segments), &#123;&#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id)&#125;\(data), &#123;STRING\(self), STRING\(related)&#125;\(links)&#125;\(push-tokens)&#125;\(relationships)&#125; </details> |  |
| links | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(self)&#125; </details> | Links. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "type" : "",
    "id" : "",
    "attributes" : {
      "email" : "",
      "phone_number" : "",
      "external_id" : "",
      "anonymous_id" : "",
      "first_name" : "",
      "last_name" : "",
      "organization" : "",
      "locale" : "",
      "title" : "",
      "image" : "",
      "created" : "",
      "updated" : "",
      "last_event_date" : "",
      "location" : {
        "address1" : "",
        "address2" : "",
        "city" : "",
        "country" : "",
        "latitude" : { },
        "longitude" : { },
        "region" : "",
        "zip" : "",
        "timezone" : "",
        "ip" : ""
      },
      "properties" : { },
      "subscriptions" : {
        "email" : {
          "marketing" : {
            "can_receive_email_marketing" : false,
            "consent" : "",
            "consent_timestamp" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
            "last_updated" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
            "method" : "",
            "method_detail" : "",
            "custom_method_detail" : "",
            "double_optin" : false,
            "suppression" : [ "", "2021-01-01T00:00:00" ],
            "list_suppressions" : [ "", "", "2021-01-01T00:00:00" ]
          }
        },
        "sms" : {
          "marketing" : {
            "can_receive_sms_marketing" : false,
            "consent" : "",
            "consent_timestamp" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
            "method" : "",
            "method_detail" : "",
            "last_updated" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00"
          },
          "transactional" : {
            "can_receive_sms_transactional" : false,
            "consent" : "",
            "consent_timestamp" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
            "method" : "",
            "method_detail" : "",
            "last_updated" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00"
          }
        },
        "mobile_push" : {
          "marketing" : {
            "can_receive_push_marketing" : false,
            "consent" : "",
            "consent_timestamp" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00"
          }
        }
      },
      "predictive_analytics" : {
        "historic_clv" : 0.0,
        "predicted_clv" : 0.0,
        "total_clv" : 0.0,
        "historic_number_of_orders" : 0.0,
        "predicted_number_of_orders" : 0.0,
        "average_days_between_orders" : 0.0,
        "average_order_value" : 0.0,
        "churn_probability" : 0.0,
        "expected_date_of_next_order" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00"
      }
    },
    "links" : {
      "self" : ""
    },
    "relationships" : {
      "lists" : {
        "data" : {
          "type" : "",
          "id" : ""
        },
        "links" : {
          "self" : "",
          "related" : ""
        }
      },
      "segments" : {
        "data" : {
          "type" : "",
          "id" : ""
        },
        "links" : {
          "self" : "",
          "related" : ""
        }
      },
      "push-tokens" : {
        "data" : {
          "type" : "",
          "id" : ""
        },
        "links" : {
          "self" : "",
          "related" : ""
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "links" : {
    "self" : ""
  }
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

1. Login to the dashboard at https://www.klaviyo.com/login?next=/account.
2. Click on your account.
3. Click on Settings.
4. Click on API keys.
5. Under the Private API Keys section, select Create Private API Key.
6. Name your API key and select Full Access Key.
7. Click Create.
8. Copy the API key. Use these credentials to create a connection in ByteChef.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
<iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/wgokkQZJMgzfu6z25DJW?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>
