docs/content/docs/reference/components/liferay_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Liferay"
description: "Liferay is an open-source digital experience platform for enterprise content management (ECM) and portal development."
---


Categories: Productivity and Collaboration


Type: liferay/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| key | Key | STRING |  | true |
| value | Value | STRING |  | true |
| addTo | Add to | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>HEADER</span>, <span>QUERY_PARAMETERS</span> </details> |  | true |



### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |



### Basic Auth

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| username | Username | STRING |  | true |
| password | Password | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Headless Request
Name: headlessRequest

`The Headless endpoint to use.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| application | Application | STRING |  | true |
| endpoint | Endpoint | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> application </details> |  | true |
| properties | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> application, endpoint </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Headless Request",
  "name" : "headlessRequest",
  "parameters" : {
    "application" : "",
    "endpoint" : "",
    "properties" : { }
  },
  "type" : "liferay/v1/headlessRequest"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### JSON WS Services
Name: jsonWsRequest

`The Headless endpoint to use.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| contextName | Context Name | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>portal</span>, <span>account</span>, <span>asset</span>, <span>assetlist</span>, <span>audit</span>, <span>backgroundtask</span>, <span>batchengine</span>, <span>blogs</span>, <span>calendar</span>, <span>comment</span>, <span>commerce</span>, <span>contact</span>, <span>ct</span>, <span>ddl</span>, <span>ddm</span>, <span>depot</span>, <span>dispatch</span>, <span>fragment</span>, <span>journal</span>, <span>kaleo</span>, <span>kaleoforms</span>, <span>kb</span>, <span>layout</span>, <span>layoututilitypage</span>, <span>listtype</span>, <span>marketplace</span>, <span>mb</span>, <span>notification</span>, <span>oauthclient</span>, <span>object</span>, <span>portallanguageoverride</span>, <span>redirect</span>, <span>remoteapp</span>, <span>sap</span>, <span>savedcontententry</span>, <span>segments</span>, <span>sharing</span>, <span>sitenavigation</span>, <span>stylebook</span>, <span>sxp</span>, <span>translation</span>, <span>trash</span>, <span>wiki</span> </details> | Context name of JSON web service you want to use. | true |
| service | Service ID | INTEGER <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> contextName </details> | ID of the service you want to access. | true |
| parameters | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> service </details> |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "JSON WS Services",
  "name" : "jsonWsRequest",
  "parameters" : {
    "contextName" : "",
    "service" : 1,
    "parameters" : { }
  },
  "type" : "liferay/v1/jsonWsRequest"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/liferay_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Liferay component for ByteChef. Integrate with Liferay portal platform and manage digital content in workflows."
title: Liferay
---

Categories: Productivity and Collaboration


Type: liferay/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| key | Key | STRING |  | true |
| value | Value | STRING |  | true |
| addTo | Add to | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>HEADER</span>, <span>QUERY_PARAMETERS</span> </details> |  | true |



### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |



### Basic Auth

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| username | Username | STRING |  | true |
| password | Password | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Headless Request
Name: headlessRequest

`The Headless endpoint to use.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| application | Application | STRING |  | true |
| endpoint | Endpoint | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> application </details> |  | true |
| properties | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> application, endpoint </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Headless Request",
  "name" : "headlessRequest",
  "parameters" : {
    "application" : "",
    "endpoint" : "",
    "properties" : { }
  },
  "type" : "liferay/v1/headlessRequest"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### JSON WS Services
Name: jsonWsRequest

`The Headless endpoint to use.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| contextName | Context Name | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>portal</span>, <span>account</span>, <span>asset</span>, <span>assetlist</span>, <span>audit</span>, <span>backgroundtask</span>, <span>batchengine</span>, <span>blogs</span>, <span>calendar</span>, <span>comment</span>, <span>commerce</span>, <span>contact</span>, <span>ct</span>, <span>ddl</span>, <span>ddm</span>, <span>depot</span>, <span>dispatch</span>, <span>fragment</span>, <span>journal</span>, <span>kaleo</span>, <span>kaleoforms</span>, <span>kb</span>, <span>layout</span>, <span>layoututilitypage</span>, <span>listtype</span>, <span>marketplace</span>, <span>mb</span>, <span>notification</span>, <span>oauthclient</span>, <span>object</span>, <span>portallanguageoverride</span>, <span>redirect</span>, <span>remoteapp</span>, <span>sap</span>, <span>savedcontententry</span>, <span>segments</span>, <span>sharing</span>, <span>sitenavigation</span>, <span>stylebook</span>, <span>sxp</span>, <span>translation</span>, <span>trash</span>, <span>wiki</span> </details> | Context name of JSON web service you want to use. | true |
| service | Service ID | INTEGER <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> contextName </details> | ID of the service you want to access. | true |
| parameters | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> service </details> |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "JSON WS Services",
  "name" : "jsonWsRequest",
  "parameters" : {
    "contextName" : "",
    "service" : 1,
    "parameters" : { }
  },
  "type" : "liferay/v1/jsonWsRequest"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.
