docs/content/docs/reference/components/logger_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Logger"
description: "Logs a value to the system log."
---


Categories: Helpers


Type: logger/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Debug
Name: debug

`null`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| text | | STRING |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Debug",
  "name" : "debug",
  "parameters" : {
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "logger/v1/debug"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Error
Name: error

`null`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| text | | STRING |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Error",
  "name" : "error",
  "parameters" : {
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "logger/v1/error"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Info
Name: info

`null`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| text | | STRING |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Info",
  "name" : "info",
  "parameters" : {
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "logger/v1/info"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Warn
Name: warn

`null`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| text | | STRING |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Warn",
  "name" : "warn",
  "parameters" : {
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "logger/v1/warn"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/logger_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Logger component for ByteChef. Write messages to system logs. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Logger
---

Categories: Helpers


Type: logger/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Debug
Name: debug

`null`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| text | | STRING |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Debug",
  "name" : "debug",
  "parameters" : {
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "logger/v1/debug"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Error
Name: error

`null`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| text | | STRING |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Error",
  "name" : "error",
  "parameters" : {
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "logger/v1/error"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Info
Name: info

`null`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| text | | STRING |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Info",
  "name" : "info",
  "parameters" : {
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "logger/v1/info"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Warn
Name: warn

`null`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| text | | STRING |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Warn",
  "name" : "warn",
  "parameters" : {
    "text" : ""
  },
  "type" : "logger/v1/warn"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.
