docs/content/docs/reference/components/mailerlite_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "MailerLite"
description: "MailerLite is an intuitive email marketing platform that offers automation, landing pages, and subscriber management for businesses and creators."
---


Categories: Marketing Automation


Type: mailerLite/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### bearer_token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | API Token | STRING | API Token needed for authorization. | true |



## Connection Setup

### Find API Token

1. Navigate to your MailerLite dashboard.
2. Click on **Integrations**.
3. Click on **API**.
4. Click on **Generate new token**.
5. Enter name of your API token.
6. Enable **Terms of Use**.
7. Click on **Create token**.
8. **Copy** your API token because you will not be able to see the full token again.
9. Exit the popup window.


<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/1e893316-4f6e-4317-8a49-0dede23bf9f4?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Add Subscriber to Group
Name: addSubscriberToGroup

`Adding a subscriber to a selected group.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| subscriber_id | Subscriber Email | STRING | ID of the user that will be added to the selected group. | true |
| group_id | Group ID | STRING | ID of the group to which the user will be added. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Add Subscriber to Group",
  "name" : "addSubscriberToGroup",
  "parameters" : {
    "subscriber_id" : "",
    "group_id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mailerLite/v1/addSubscriberToGroup"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(name), INTEGER\(active_count), INTEGER\(sent_count), INTEGER\(opens_count), &#123;NUMBER\(float), STRING\(string)&#125;\(open_rate), INTEGER\(clicks_count), &#123;NUMBER\(float), STRING\(string)&#125;\(click_rate), INTEGER\(unsubscribed_count), INTEGER\(unconfirmed_count), INTEGER\(bounced_count), INTEGER\(junk_count), STRING\(created_at)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "id" : "",
    "name" : "",
    "active_count" : 1,
    "sent_count" : 1,
    "opens_count" : 1,
    "open_rate" : {
      "float" : 0.0,
      "string" : ""
    },
    "clicks_count" : 1,
    "click_rate" : {
      "float" : 0.0,
      "string" : ""
    },
    "unsubscribed_count" : 1,
    "unconfirmed_count" : 1,
    "bounced_count" : 1,
    "junk_count" : 1,
    "created_at" : ""
  }
}
```




### Create or Update Subscriber
Name: createOrUpdateSubscriber

`Create new user or update an existing user.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| email | null | STRING | The email address of the subscriber. | true |
| group_id | Group ID | STRING | ID of the group to which you want to add the subscriber to. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create or Update Subscriber",
  "name" : "createOrUpdateSubscriber",
  "parameters" : {
    "email" : "",
    "group_id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mailerLite/v1/createOrUpdateSubscriber"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(email), STRING\(status), STRING\(source), INTEGER\(sent), INTEGER\(opens_count), INTEGER\(clicks_count), INTEGER\(open_rate), INTEGER\(click_rate), STRING\(subscribed_at), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(updated_at), []\(fields), []\(groups)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "id" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "source" : "",
    "sent" : 1,
    "opens_count" : 1,
    "clicks_count" : 1,
    "open_rate" : 1,
    "click_rate" : 1,
    "subscribed_at" : "",
    "created_at" : "",
    "updated_at" : "",
    "fields" : [ ],
    "groups" : [ ]
  }
}
```




### Remove Subscriber from Group
Name: removeSubscriberFromGroup

`Remove selected subscriber from the group.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| subscriber_id | Subscriber | STRING | ID of the user that will be added to the selected group. | true |
| group_id | Group ID | STRING | ID of the group to which the user will be added. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Remove Subscriber from Group",
  "name" : "removeSubscriberFromGroup",
  "parameters" : {
    "subscriber_id" : "",
    "group_id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mailerLite/v1/removeSubscriberFromGroup"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.







## Triggers


### Subscriber Added to the Group
Name: subscriberAddedToGroup

`Triggers when a subscriber is added to the group.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(account_id), STRING\(id), STRING\(email), STRING\(status), STRING\(source), INTEGER\(sent), INTEGER\(opens_count), INTEGER\(clicks_count), INTEGER\(open_rate), INTEGER\(click_rate), STRING\(subscribed_at), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(updated_at), []\(fields), []\(groups)&#125; </details> |  |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Subscriber Added to the Group",
  "name" : "subscriberAddedToGroup",
  "type" : "mailerLite/v1/subscriberAddedToGroup"
}
```



### Subscriber Created
Name: subscriberCreated

`Triggers when a subscriber is created.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(email), STRING\(status), STRING\(source), INTEGER\(sent), INTEGER\(opens_count), INTEGER\(clicks_count), INTEGER\(open_rate), INTEGER\(click_rate), &#123;&#125;\(ip_address), STRING\(subscribed_at), STRING\(unsubscribed_at), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(updated_at), STRING\(deleted_at), STRING\(forget_at), []\(fields), []\(groups), STRING\(account_id)&#125; </details> |  |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Subscriber Created",
  "name" : "subscriberCreated",
  "type" : "mailerLite/v1/subscriberCreated"
}
```



### Subscriber Unsubscribed
Name: subscriberUnsubscribed

`Triggers when a subscriber unsubscribes.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(account_id), STRING\(id), STRING\(email), STRING\(status), STRING\(source), INTEGER\(sent), INTEGER\(opens_count), INTEGER\(clicks_count), INTEGER\(open_rate), INTEGER\(click_rate), STRING\(subscribed_at), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(updated_at), []\(fields), []\(groups)&#125; </details> |  |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Subscriber Unsubscribed",
  "name" : "subscriberUnsubscribed",
  "type" : "mailerLite/v1/subscriberUnsubscribed"
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/mailerlite_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "MailerLite component for ByteChef. Email marketing automation. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: MailerLite
---

Categories: Marketing Automation


Type: mailerLite/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### bearer_token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | API Token | STRING | API Token needed for authorization. | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Add Subscriber to Group
Name: addSubscriberToGroup

`Adding a subscriber to a selected group.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| subscriber_id | Subscriber Email | STRING | ID of the user that will be added to the selected group. | true |
| group_id | Group ID | STRING | ID of the group to which the user will be added. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Add Subscriber to Group",
  "name" : "addSubscriberToGroup",
  "parameters" : {
    "subscriber_id" : "",
    "group_id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mailerLite/v1/addSubscriberToGroup"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(name), INTEGER\(active_count), INTEGER\(sent_count), INTEGER\(opens_count), &#123;NUMBER\(float), STRING\(string)&#125;\(open_rate), INTEGER\(clicks_count), &#123;NUMBER\(float), STRING\(string)&#125;\(click_rate), INTEGER\(unsubscribed_count), INTEGER\(unconfirmed_count), INTEGER\(bounced_count), INTEGER\(junk_count), STRING\(created_at)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "id" : "",
    "name" : "",
    "active_count" : 1,
    "sent_count" : 1,
    "opens_count" : 1,
    "open_rate" : {
      "float" : 0.0,
      "string" : ""
    },
    "clicks_count" : 1,
    "click_rate" : {
      "float" : 0.0,
      "string" : ""
    },
    "unsubscribed_count" : 1,
    "unconfirmed_count" : 1,
    "bounced_count" : 1,
    "junk_count" : 1,
    "created_at" : ""
  }
}
```


### Create or Update Subscriber
Name: createOrUpdateSubscriber

`Create new user or update an existing user.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| email | null | STRING | The email address of the subscriber. | true |
| group_id | Group ID | STRING | ID of the group to which you want to add the subscriber to. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create or Update Subscriber",
  "name" : "createOrUpdateSubscriber",
  "parameters" : {
    "email" : "",
    "group_id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mailerLite/v1/createOrUpdateSubscriber"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(email), STRING\(status), STRING\(source), INTEGER\(sent), INTEGER\(opens_count), INTEGER\(clicks_count), INTEGER\(open_rate), INTEGER\(click_rate), STRING\(subscribed_at), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(updated_at), []\(fields), []\(groups)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "id" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "source" : "",
    "sent" : 1,
    "opens_count" : 1,
    "clicks_count" : 1,
    "open_rate" : 1,
    "click_rate" : 1,
    "subscribed_at" : "",
    "created_at" : "",
    "updated_at" : "",
    "fields" : [ ],
    "groups" : [ ]
  }
}
```


### Remove Subscriber from Group
Name: removeSubscriberFromGroup

`Remove selected subscriber from the group.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| subscriber_id | Subscriber | STRING | ID of the user that will be added to the selected group. | true |
| group_id | Group ID | STRING | ID of the group to which the user will be added. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Remove Subscriber from Group",
  "name" : "removeSubscriberFromGroup",
  "parameters" : {
    "subscriber_id" : "",
    "group_id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mailerLite/v1/removeSubscriberFromGroup"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.





## Triggers


### Subscriber Added to the Group
Name: subscriberAddedToGroup

`Triggers when a subscriber is added to the group.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(account_id), STRING\(id), STRING\(email), STRING\(status), STRING\(source), INTEGER\(sent), INTEGER\(opens_count), INTEGER\(clicks_count), INTEGER\(open_rate), INTEGER\(click_rate), STRING\(subscribed_at), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(updated_at), []\(fields), []\(groups)&#125; </details> |  |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Subscriber Added to the Group",
  "name" : "subscriberAddedToGroup",
  "type" : "mailerLite/v1/subscriberAddedToGroup"
}
```


### Subscriber Created
Name: subscriberCreated

`Triggers when a subscriber is created.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(email), STRING\(status), STRING\(source), INTEGER\(sent), INTEGER\(opens_count), INTEGER\(clicks_count), INTEGER\(open_rate), INTEGER\(click_rate), &#123;&#125;\(ip_address), STRING\(subscribed_at), STRING\(unsubscribed_at), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(updated_at), STRING\(deleted_at), STRING\(forget_at), []\(fields), []\(groups), STRING\(account_id)&#125; </details> |  |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Subscriber Created",
  "name" : "subscriberCreated",
  "type" : "mailerLite/v1/subscriberCreated"
}
```


### Subscriber Unsubscribed
Name: subscriberUnsubscribed

`Triggers when a subscriber unsubscribes.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(account_id), STRING\(id), STRING\(email), STRING\(status), STRING\(source), INTEGER\(sent), INTEGER\(opens_count), INTEGER\(clicks_count), INTEGER\(open_rate), INTEGER\(click_rate), STRING\(subscribed_at), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(updated_at), []\(fields), []\(groups)&#125; </details> |  |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Subscriber Unsubscribed",
  "name" : "subscriberUnsubscribed",
  "type" : "mailerLite/v1/subscriberUnsubscribed"
}
```




<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Find API Token

1. Navigate to your MailerLite dashboard.
2. Click on **Integrations**.
3. Click on **API**.
4. Click on **Generate new token**.
5. Enter name of your API token.
6. Enable **Terms of Use**.
7. Click on **Create token**.
8. **Copy** your API token because you will not be able to see the full token again.
9. Exit the popup window.


<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/1e893316-4f6e-4317-8a49-0dede23bf9f4?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>
