docs/content/docs/reference/components/mautic_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Mautic"
description: "Simplifying campaign design and optimization with a user-friendly click-and-drag interface allowing you to build complex campaigns."
---


Categories: Marketing Automation


Type: mautic/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Mautic Basic Auth

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| baseUrl | Base URL | STRING | Open your Mautic instance and copy the URL from the address bar. If your dashboard link is "https://mautic.ddev.site/s/dashboard", set your base URL as "https://mautic.ddev.site/". | true |
| username | Username | STRING |  | true |
| password | Password | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Create Company
Name: createCompany

`Creates a new company.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| companyname | Company Name | STRING |  | true |
| isPublished | Is Published | INTEGER <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>1</span>, <span>0</span> </details> | Will the company be published after creation. | true |
| overwriteWithBlank | Overwrite With Blank | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | If true, then empty values are set to fields.Otherwise empty values are skipped. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Company",
  "name" : "createCompany",
  "parameters" : {
    "companyname" : "",
    "isPublished" : 1,
    "overwriteWithBlank" : false
  },
  "type" : "mautic/v1/createCompany"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the company. |
| isPublished | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the company is published. |
| dateAdded | DATE | Date/time company was created. |
| createdBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that created the company. |
| createdByUser | STRING | Name of the user that created the company. |
| dateModified | DATE | Date/time company was last modified. |
| modifiedBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that last modified the company. |
| modifiedByUser | STRING | Name of the user that last modified the company. |
| fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Custom fields for the company. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "isPublished" : false,
  "dateAdded" : "2021-01-01",
  "createdBy" : 1,
  "createdByUser" : "",
  "dateModified" : "2021-01-01",
  "modifiedBy" : 1,
  "modifiedByUser" : "",
  "fields" : [ ]
}
```




### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Creates a new contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| firstname | First Name | STRING |  | true |
| lastname | Last Name | STRING |  | true |
| email | Email | STRING |  | true |
| overwriteWithBlank | Overwrite With Blank | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | If true, then empty values are set to fields.Otherwise empty values are skipped. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "firstname" : "",
    "lastname" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "overwriteWithBlank" : false
  },
  "type" : "mautic/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the contact. |
| isPublished | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the contact is published. |
| dateAdded | DATE | Date/time contact was created. |
| createdBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that created the contact. |
| createdByUser | STRING | Name of the user that created the contact. |
| dateModified | DATE | Date/time company was last modified. |
| modifiedBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that last modified the contact. |
| modifiedByUser | STRING | Name of the user that last modified the contact. |
| owner | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | User object that owns the contact. |
| points | INTEGER | Contact's current number of points. |
| lastActive | DATE | Date/time for when the contact was last recorded as active. |
| dateIdentified | DATE | Date/time when the contact identified themselves. |
| color | STRING | Hex value given to contact from Point Trigger definitions based on the number of points the contact has been awarded. |
| ipAddresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of IPs currently associated with this contact. |
| fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Custom fields for the contact. |
| tags | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of tags associated with this contact. |
| utmtags | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of UTM Tags associated with this contact. |
| doNotContact | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of Do Not Contact objects. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "isPublished" : false,
  "dateAdded" : "2021-01-01",
  "createdBy" : 1,
  "createdByUser" : "",
  "dateModified" : "2021-01-01",
  "modifiedBy" : 1,
  "modifiedByUser" : "",
  "owner" : { },
  "points" : 1,
  "lastActive" : "2021-01-01",
  "dateIdentified" : "2021-01-01",
  "color" : "",
  "ipAddresses" : [ ],
  "fields" : [ ],
  "tags" : [ ],
  "utmtags" : [ ],
  "doNotContact" : [ ]
}
```




### Get Company
Name: getCompany

`Get individual company.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| id | Company ID | STRING | ID of the company you want to retrieve. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Company",
  "name" : "getCompany",
  "parameters" : {
    "id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mautic/v1/getCompany"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the company. |
| isPublished | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the company is published. |
| dateAdded | DATE | Date/time company was created. |
| createdBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that created the company. |
| createdByUser | STRING | Name of the user that created the company. |
| dateModified | DATE | Date/time company was last modified. |
| modifiedBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that last modified the company. |
| modifiedByUser | STRING | Name of the user that last modified the company. |
| fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Custom fields for the company. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "isPublished" : false,
  "dateAdded" : "2021-01-01",
  "createdBy" : 1,
  "createdByUser" : "",
  "dateModified" : "2021-01-01",
  "modifiedBy" : 1,
  "modifiedByUser" : "",
  "fields" : [ ]
}
```




### Get Contact
Name: getContact

`Get individual contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| id | Contact ID | STRING | ID of the contact you want to retrieve. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Contact",
  "name" : "getContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mautic/v1/getContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the contact. |
| isPublished | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the contact is published. |
| dateAdded | DATE | Date/time contact was created. |
| createdBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that created the contact. |
| createdByUser | STRING | Name of the user that created the contact. |
| dateModified | DATE | Date/time company was last modified. |
| modifiedBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that last modified the contact. |
| modifiedByUser | STRING | Name of the user that last modified the contact. |
| owner | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | User object that owns the contact. |
| points | INTEGER | Contact's current number of points. |
| lastActive | DATE | Date/time for when the contact was last recorded as active. |
| dateIdentified | DATE | Date/time when the contact identified themselves. |
| color | STRING | Hex value given to contact from Point Trigger definitions based on the number of points the contact has been awarded. |
| ipAddresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of IPs currently associated with this contact. |
| fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Custom fields for the contact. |
| tags | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of tags associated with this contact. |
| utmtags | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of UTM Tags associated with this contact. |
| doNotContact | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of Do Not Contact objects. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "isPublished" : false,
  "dateAdded" : "2021-01-01",
  "createdBy" : 1,
  "createdByUser" : "",
  "dateModified" : "2021-01-01",
  "modifiedBy" : 1,
  "modifiedByUser" : "",
  "owner" : { },
  "points" : 1,
  "lastActive" : "2021-01-01",
  "dateIdentified" : "2021-01-01",
  "color" : "",
  "ipAddresses" : [ ],
  "fields" : [ ],
  "tags" : [ ],
  "utmtags" : [ ],
  "doNotContact" : [ ]
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/mautic_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Mautic component for ByteChef. Marketing automation platform. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Mautic
---

Categories: Marketing Automation


Type: mautic/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Mautic Basic Auth

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| baseUrl | Base URL | STRING | Open your Mautic instance and copy the URL from the address bar. If your dashboard link is "https://mautic.ddev.site/s/dashboard", set your base URL as "https://mautic.ddev.site/". | true |
| username | Username | STRING |  | true |
| password | Password | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Company
Name: createCompany

`Creates a new company.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| companyname | Company Name | STRING |  | true |
| isPublished | Is Published | INTEGER <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>1</span>, <span>0</span> </details> | Will the company be published after creation. | true |
| overwriteWithBlank | Overwrite With Blank | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | If true, then empty values are set to fields.Otherwise empty values are skipped. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Company",
  "name" : "createCompany",
  "parameters" : {
    "companyname" : "",
    "isPublished" : 1,
    "overwriteWithBlank" : false
  },
  "type" : "mautic/v1/createCompany"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the company. |
| isPublished | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the company is published. |
| dateAdded | DATE | Date/time company was created. |
| createdBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that created the company. |
| createdByUser | STRING | Name of the user that created the company. |
| dateModified | DATE | Date/time company was last modified. |
| modifiedBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that last modified the company. |
| modifiedByUser | STRING | Name of the user that last modified the company. |
| fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Custom fields for the company. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "isPublished" : false,
  "dateAdded" : "2021-01-01",
  "createdBy" : 1,
  "createdByUser" : "",
  "dateModified" : "2021-01-01",
  "modifiedBy" : 1,
  "modifiedByUser" : "",
  "fields" : [ ]
}
```


### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Creates a new contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| firstname | First Name | STRING |  | true |
| lastname | Last Name | STRING |  | true |
| email | Email | STRING |  | true |
| overwriteWithBlank | Overwrite With Blank | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | If true, then empty values are set to fields.Otherwise empty values are skipped. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "firstname" : "",
    "lastname" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "overwriteWithBlank" : false
  },
  "type" : "mautic/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the contact. |
| isPublished | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the contact is published. |
| dateAdded | DATE | Date/time contact was created. |
| createdBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that created the contact. |
| createdByUser | STRING | Name of the user that created the contact. |
| dateModified | DATE | Date/time company was last modified. |
| modifiedBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that last modified the contact. |
| modifiedByUser | STRING | Name of the user that last modified the contact. |
| owner | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | User object that owns the contact. |
| points | INTEGER | Contact's current number of points. |
| lastActive | DATE | Date/time for when the contact was last recorded as active. |
| dateIdentified | DATE | Date/time when the contact identified themselves. |
| color | STRING | Hex value given to contact from Point Trigger definitions based on the number of points the contact has been awarded. |
| ipAddresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of IPs currently associated with this contact. |
| fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Custom fields for the contact. |
| tags | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of tags associated with this contact. |
| utmtags | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of UTM Tags associated with this contact. |
| doNotContact | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of Do Not Contact objects. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "isPublished" : false,
  "dateAdded" : "2021-01-01",
  "createdBy" : 1,
  "createdByUser" : "",
  "dateModified" : "2021-01-01",
  "modifiedBy" : 1,
  "modifiedByUser" : "",
  "owner" : { },
  "points" : 1,
  "lastActive" : "2021-01-01",
  "dateIdentified" : "2021-01-01",
  "color" : "",
  "ipAddresses" : [ ],
  "fields" : [ ],
  "tags" : [ ],
  "utmtags" : [ ],
  "doNotContact" : [ ]
}
```


### Get Company
Name: getCompany

`Get individual company.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| id | Company ID | STRING | ID of the company you want to retrieve. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Company",
  "name" : "getCompany",
  "parameters" : {
    "id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mautic/v1/getCompany"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the company. |
| isPublished | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the company is published. |
| dateAdded | DATE | Date/time company was created. |
| createdBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that created the company. |
| createdByUser | STRING | Name of the user that created the company. |
| dateModified | DATE | Date/time company was last modified. |
| modifiedBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that last modified the company. |
| modifiedByUser | STRING | Name of the user that last modified the company. |
| fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Custom fields for the company. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "isPublished" : false,
  "dateAdded" : "2021-01-01",
  "createdBy" : 1,
  "createdByUser" : "",
  "dateModified" : "2021-01-01",
  "modifiedBy" : 1,
  "modifiedByUser" : "",
  "fields" : [ ]
}
```


### Get Contact
Name: getContact

`Get individual contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| id | Contact ID | STRING | ID of the contact you want to retrieve. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Contact",
  "name" : "getContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mautic/v1/getContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the contact. |
| isPublished | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the contact is published. |
| dateAdded | DATE | Date/time contact was created. |
| createdBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that created the contact. |
| createdByUser | STRING | Name of the user that created the contact. |
| dateModified | DATE | Date/time company was last modified. |
| modifiedBy | INTEGER | ID of the user that last modified the contact. |
| modifiedByUser | STRING | Name of the user that last modified the contact. |
| owner | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | User object that owns the contact. |
| points | INTEGER | Contact's current number of points. |
| lastActive | DATE | Date/time for when the contact was last recorded as active. |
| dateIdentified | DATE | Date/time when the contact identified themselves. |
| color | STRING | Hex value given to contact from Point Trigger definitions based on the number of points the contact has been awarded. |
| ipAddresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of IPs currently associated with this contact. |
| fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Custom fields for the contact. |
| tags | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of tags associated with this contact. |
| utmtags | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of UTM Tags associated with this contact. |
| doNotContact | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Array of Do Not Contact objects. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : "",
  "isPublished" : false,
  "dateAdded" : "2021-01-01",
  "createdBy" : 1,
  "createdByUser" : "",
  "dateModified" : "2021-01-01",
  "modifiedBy" : 1,
  "modifiedByUser" : "",
  "owner" : { },
  "points" : 1,
  "lastActive" : "2021-01-01",
  "dateIdentified" : "2021-01-01",
  "color" : "",
  "ipAddresses" : [ ],
  "fields" : [ ],
  "tags" : [ ],
  "utmtags" : [ ],
  "doNotContact" : [ ]
}
```
