docs/content/docs/reference/components/mixpanel_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Mixpanel"
description: "Mixpanel is a product analytics tool that helps you track user interactions and behaviors in your app or website to make data-driven decisions."
---


Categories: Analytics


Type: mixpanel/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Basic Auth

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| username | Username | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

1. Login to the dashboard at https://eu.mixpanel.com/login/.
2. Click on Settings.
3. Select Settings and then click on Project Settings.
4. Under Access Keys section, copy the Project Token. Use these credentials to create a connection in ByteChef.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
<iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/mZ86S7nxlbxJX8afuZXQ?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Track Events
Name: trackEvents

`Send batches of events from your servers to Mixpanel.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| events | Events | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(event), DATE_TIME\(time), STRING\(distinct_id), STRING\($insert_id)&#125;] </details> | A list of events to be sent to Mixpanel. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Track Events",
  "name" : "trackEvents",
  "parameters" : {
    "events" : [ {
      "event" : "",
      "time" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
      "distinct_id" : "",
      "$insert_id" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "mixpanel/v1/trackEvents"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| code | INTEGER |  |
| num_records_imported | INTEGER |  |
| status | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "code" : 1,
  "num_records_imported" : 1,
  "status" : ""
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/mixpanel_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Mixpanel component for ByteChef. Product analytics. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Mixpanel
---

Categories: Analytics


Type: mixpanel/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Basic Auth

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| username | Username | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Track Events
Name: trackEvents

`Send batches of events from your servers to Mixpanel.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| events | Events | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(event), DATE_TIME\(time), STRING\(distinct_id), STRING\($insert_id)&#125;] </details> | A list of events to be sent to Mixpanel. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Track Events",
  "name" : "trackEvents",
  "parameters" : {
    "events" : [ {
      "event" : "",
      "time" : "2021-01-01T00:00:00",
      "distinct_id" : "",
      "$insert_id" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "mixpanel/v1/trackEvents"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| code | INTEGER |  |
| num_records_imported | INTEGER |  |
| status | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "code" : 1,
  "num_records_imported" : 1,
  "status" : ""
}
```




<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

1. Login to the dashboard at https://eu.mixpanel.com/login/.
2. Click on Settings.
3. Select Settings and then click on Project Settings.
4. Under Access Keys section, copy the Project Token. Use these credentials to create a connection in ByteChef.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
<iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/mZ86S7nxlbxJX8afuZXQ?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>
