docs/content/docs/reference/components/myob_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Myob"
description: "MYOB is an accounting software that helps businesses manage their finances, invoicing, and payroll."
---


Categories: Accounting


Type: myob/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |
| key | API key | STRING | The API key registered in https://my.myob.com.au/au/bd/DevAppList.aspx | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Create Customer
Name: createCustomer

`Creates a new customer.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| companyFile | Company File | STRING | The MYOB company file to use. | true |
| IsIndividual | Is Individual? | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Does customer contact represent an individual or a company? | true |
| FirstName | First Name | STRING | First name for an individual contact. | true |
| LastName | Last Name | STRING | Last name for an individual contact. | true |
| CompanyName | Company Name | STRING | Company name of the customer contact. | true |
| IsActive | Is Active? | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Is customer contact active? | true |
| Addresses | Addresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(Street), STRING\(City), STRING\(State), STRING\(PostCode), STRING\(Country), STRING\(Phone1), STRING\(Email), STRING\(Website)&#125;] </details> | List of addresses for the customer contact. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Customer",
  "name" : "createCustomer",
  "parameters" : {
    "companyFile" : "",
    "IsIndividual" : false,
    "FirstName" : "",
    "LastName" : "",
    "CompanyName" : "",
    "IsActive" : false,
    "Addresses" : [ {
      "Street" : "",
      "City" : "",
      "State" : "",
      "PostCode" : "",
      "Country" : "",
      "Phone1" : "",
      "Email" : "",
      "Website" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "myob/v1/createCustomer"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Create Customer Payment
Name: createCustomerPayment

`Creates a new customer payment.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| companyFile | Company File | STRING | The MYOB company file to use. | true |
| PayFrom | Pay From | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Account</span>, <span>ElectronicPayments</span> </details> |  | true |
| Account | Account | STRING |  | true |
| Customer | Customer UID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> companyFile </details> |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Customer Payment",
  "name" : "createCustomerPayment",
  "parameters" : {
    "companyFile" : "",
    "PayFrom" : "",
    "Account" : "",
    "Customer" : ""
  },
  "type" : "myob/v1/createCustomerPayment"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Create Supplier
Name: createSupplier

`Creates a new supplier.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| companyFile | Company File | STRING | The MYOB company file to use. | true |
| IsIndividual | Is Individual? | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Does supplier contact represent an individual or a company? | true |
| FirstName | First Name | STRING | First name for an individual contact. | true |
| LastName | Last Name | STRING | Last name for an individual contact. | true |
| CompanyName | Company Name | STRING | Company name of the supplier contact. | true |
| IsActive | Is Active? | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Is supplier contact active? | false |
| Addresses | Addresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(Street), STRING\(City), STRING\(State), STRING\(PostCode), STRING\(Country), STRING\(Phone1), STRING\(Email), STRING\(Website)&#125;] </details> | List of addresses for the customer contact. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Supplier",
  "name" : "createSupplier",
  "parameters" : {
    "companyFile" : "",
    "IsIndividual" : false,
    "FirstName" : "",
    "LastName" : "",
    "CompanyName" : "",
    "IsActive" : false,
    "Addresses" : [ {
      "Street" : "",
      "City" : "",
      "State" : "",
      "PostCode" : "",
      "Country" : "",
      "Phone1" : "",
      "Email" : "",
      "Website" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "myob/v1/createSupplier"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Create Supplier Payment
Name: createSupplierPayment

`Creates a new supplier payment.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| companyFile | Company File | STRING | The MYOB company file to use. | true |
| PayFrom | Pay From | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Account</span>, <span>ElectronicPayments</span> </details> |  | true |
| Account | Account | STRING |  | true |
| Supplier | Supplier UID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> companyFile </details> |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Supplier Payment",
  "name" : "createSupplierPayment",
  "parameters" : {
    "companyFile" : "",
    "PayFrom" : "",
    "Account" : "",
    "Supplier" : ""
  },
  "type" : "myob/v1/createSupplierPayment"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.








## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/myob_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "MYOB component for ByteChef. Accounting software. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: MYOB
---

Categories: Accounting


Type: myob/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |
| key | API key | STRING | The API key registered in https://my.myob.com.au/au/bd/DevAppList.aspx | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Customer
Name: createCustomer

`Creates a new customer.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| companyFile | Company File | STRING | The MYOB company file to use. | true |
| IsIndividual | Is Individual? | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Does customer contact represent an individual or a company? | true |
| FirstName | First Name | STRING | First name for an individual contact. | true |
| LastName | Last Name | STRING | Last name for an individual contact. | true |
| CompanyName | Company Name | STRING | Company name of the customer contact. | true |
| IsActive | Is Active? | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Is customer contact active? | true |
| Addresses | Addresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(Street), STRING\(City), STRING\(State), STRING\(PostCode), STRING\(Country), STRING\(Phone1), STRING\(Email), STRING\(Website)&#125;] </details> | List of addresses for the customer contact. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Customer",
  "name" : "createCustomer",
  "parameters" : {
    "companyFile" : "",
    "IsIndividual" : false,
    "FirstName" : "",
    "LastName" : "",
    "CompanyName" : "",
    "IsActive" : false,
    "Addresses" : [ {
      "Street" : "",
      "City" : "",
      "State" : "",
      "PostCode" : "",
      "Country" : "",
      "Phone1" : "",
      "Email" : "",
      "Website" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "myob/v1/createCustomer"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Create Customer Payment
Name: createCustomerPayment

`Creates a new customer payment.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| companyFile | Company File | STRING | The MYOB company file to use. | true |
| PayFrom | Pay From | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Account</span>, <span>ElectronicPayments</span> </details> |  | true |
| Account | Account | STRING |  | true |
| Customer | Customer UID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> companyFile </details> |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Customer Payment",
  "name" : "createCustomerPayment",
  "parameters" : {
    "companyFile" : "",
    "PayFrom" : "",
    "Account" : "",
    "Customer" : ""
  },
  "type" : "myob/v1/createCustomerPayment"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Create Supplier
Name: createSupplier

`Creates a new supplier.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| companyFile | Company File | STRING | The MYOB company file to use. | true |
| IsIndividual | Is Individual? | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Does supplier contact represent an individual or a company? | true |
| FirstName | First Name | STRING | First name for an individual contact. | true |
| LastName | Last Name | STRING | Last name for an individual contact. | true |
| CompanyName | Company Name | STRING | Company name of the supplier contact. | true |
| IsActive | Is Active? | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Is supplier contact active? | false |
| Addresses | Addresses | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(Street), STRING\(City), STRING\(State), STRING\(PostCode), STRING\(Country), STRING\(Phone1), STRING\(Email), STRING\(Website)&#125;] </details> | List of addresses for the customer contact. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Supplier",
  "name" : "createSupplier",
  "parameters" : {
    "companyFile" : "",
    "IsIndividual" : false,
    "FirstName" : "",
    "LastName" : "",
    "CompanyName" : "",
    "IsActive" : false,
    "Addresses" : [ {
      "Street" : "",
      "City" : "",
      "State" : "",
      "PostCode" : "",
      "Country" : "",
      "Phone1" : "",
      "Email" : "",
      "Website" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "myob/v1/createSupplier"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Create Supplier Payment
Name: createSupplierPayment

`Creates a new supplier payment.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| companyFile | Company File | STRING | The MYOB company file to use. | true |
| PayFrom | Pay From | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Account</span>, <span>ElectronicPayments</span> </details> |  | true |
| Account | Account | STRING |  | true |
| Supplier | Supplier UID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> companyFile </details> |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Supplier Payment",
  "name" : "createSupplierPayment",
  "parameters" : {
    "companyFile" : "",
    "PayFrom" : "",
    "Account" : "",
    "Supplier" : ""
  },
  "type" : "myob/v1/createSupplierPayment"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.
