docs/content/docs/reference/components/mysql_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "MySQL"
description: "Query, insert and update data from MySQL."
---



Type: mysql/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### custom

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| username | Username | STRING |  | true |
| password | Password | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Query
Name: query

`Execute an SQL query.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| query | Query | STRING | The raw SQL query to execute. You can use :property1 and :property2 in conjunction with parameters. | true |
| parameters | Parameters | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | The list of properties which should be used as query parameters. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Query",
  "name" : "query",
  "parameters" : {
    "query" : "",
    "parameters" : { }
  },
  "type" : "mysql/v1/query"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Insert
Name: insert

`Insert rows in database.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| schema | Schema | STRING | Name of the schema the table belongs to. | true |
| table | Table | STRING | Name of the table in which to insert data to. | true |
| columns | Columns | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> | The list of the table column names where corresponding values would be inserted. | false |
| values | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> columns </details> |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Insert",
  "name" : "insert",
  "parameters" : {
    "schema" : "",
    "table" : "",
    "columns" : [ {
      "name" : "",
      "type" : ""
    } ],
    "values" : { }
  },
  "type" : "mysql/v1/insert"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Update
Name: update

`Update rows in database.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| schema | Schema | STRING | Name of the schema the table belongs to. | true |
| table | Table | STRING | Name of the table in which to update data in. | true |
| condition | Condition | STRING | Condition that will be checked in the column. Example: column1=5 | true |
| columns | Columns | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> | The list of the table column names where corresponding values would be updated. | false |
| values | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> columns </details> |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update",
  "name" : "update",
  "parameters" : {
    "schema" : "",
    "table" : "",
    "condition" : "",
    "columns" : [ {
      "name" : "",
      "type" : ""
    } ],
    "values" : { }
  },
  "type" : "mysql/v1/update"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Delete
Name: delete

`Delete rows from database.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| schema | Schema | STRING | Name of the schema the table belongs to. | true |
| table | Table | STRING | Name of the table in which to update data in. | true |
| condition | Condition | STRING | Condition that will be checked in the column. Example: column1=5 | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Delete",
  "name" : "delete",
  "parameters" : {
    "schema" : "",
    "table" : "",
    "condition" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mysql/v1/delete"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Execute
Name: execute

`Execute an SQL DML or DML statement.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| execute | Execute | STRING | The raw DML or DDL statement to execute. You can use :property1 and :property2 in conjunction with parameters. | true |
| columns | Fields to select | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#125;] </details> | List of fields to select from. | false |
| parameters | Parameters | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | The list of values which should be used to replace corresponding criteria parameters. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Execute",
  "name" : "execute",
  "parameters" : {
    "execute" : "",
    "columns" : [ { } ],
    "parameters" : { }
  },
  "type" : "mysql/v1/execute"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.







## Triggers


### New Row
Name: newRow

`Triggers when new row is added.`

Type: POLLING

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| schema | Schema | STRING | Name of the schema the table belongs to. | true |
| table | Table | STRING | Name of the table in which to update data in. | true |
| orderBy | Colum To Order By | STRING | Use something like a created timestamp or an auto-incrementing ID. | true |
| orderDirection | Order Direction | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>ASC</span>, <span>DESC</span> </details> | The direction to sort by such that the newest rows are fetched first. | true |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Row",
  "name" : "newRow",
  "parameters" : {
    "schema" : "",
    "table" : "",
    "orderBy" : "",
    "orderDirection" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mysql/v1/newRow"
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/mysql_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "MySQL component for ByteChef. Database operations. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: MySQL
---

Type: mysql/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### custom

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| username | Username | STRING |  | true |
| password | Password | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Query
Name: query

`Execute an SQL query.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| query | Query | STRING | The raw SQL query to execute. You can use :property1 and :property2 in conjunction with parameters. | true |
| parameters | Parameters | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | The list of properties which should be used as query parameters. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Query",
  "name" : "query",
  "parameters" : {
    "query" : "",
    "parameters" : { }
  },
  "type" : "mysql/v1/query"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Insert
Name: insert

`Insert rows in database.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| schema | Schema | STRING | Name of the schema the table belongs to. | true |
| table | Table | STRING | Name of the table in which to insert data to. | true |
| columns | Columns | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> | The list of the table column names where corresponding values would be inserted. | false |
| values | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> columns </details> |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Insert",
  "name" : "insert",
  "parameters" : {
    "schema" : "",
    "table" : "",
    "columns" : [ {
      "name" : "",
      "type" : ""
    } ],
    "values" : { }
  },
  "type" : "mysql/v1/insert"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Update
Name: update

`Update rows in database.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| schema | Schema | STRING | Name of the schema the table belongs to. | true |
| table | Table | STRING | Name of the table in which to update data in. | true |
| condition | Condition | STRING | Condition that will be checked in the column. Example: column1=5 | true |
| columns | Columns | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(type)&#125;] </details> | The list of the table column names where corresponding values would be updated. | false |
| values | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> columns </details> |  | null |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update",
  "name" : "update",
  "parameters" : {
    "schema" : "",
    "table" : "",
    "condition" : "",
    "columns" : [ {
      "name" : "",
      "type" : ""
    } ],
    "values" : { }
  },
  "type" : "mysql/v1/update"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Delete
Name: delete

`Delete rows from database.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| schema | Schema | STRING | Name of the schema the table belongs to. | true |
| table | Table | STRING | Name of the table in which to update data in. | true |
| condition | Condition | STRING | Condition that will be checked in the column. Example: column1=5 | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Delete",
  "name" : "delete",
  "parameters" : {
    "schema" : "",
    "table" : "",
    "condition" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mysql/v1/delete"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Execute
Name: execute

`Execute an SQL DML or DML statement.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| execute | Execute | STRING | The raw DML or DDL statement to execute. You can use :property1 and :property2 in conjunction with parameters. | true |
| columns | Fields to select | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#125;] </details> | List of fields to select from. | false |
| parameters | Parameters | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | The list of values which should be used to replace corresponding criteria parameters. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Execute",
  "name" : "execute",
  "parameters" : {
    "execute" : "",
    "columns" : [ { } ],
    "parameters" : { }
  },
  "type" : "mysql/v1/execute"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.





## Triggers


### New Row
Name: newRow

`Triggers when new row is added.`

Type: POLLING

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| schema | Schema | STRING | Name of the schema the table belongs to. | true |
| table | Table | STRING | Name of the table in which to update data in. | true |
| orderBy | Colum To Order By | STRING | Use something like a created timestamp or an auto-incrementing ID. | true |
| orderDirection | Order Direction | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>ASC</span>, <span>DESC</span> </details> | The direction to sort by such that the newest rows are fetched first. | true |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Row",
  "name" : "newRow",
  "parameters" : {
    "schema" : "",
    "table" : "",
    "orderBy" : "",
    "orderDirection" : ""
  },
  "type" : "mysql/v1/newRow"
}
```
