docs/content/docs/reference/components/neo4j_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Neo4j"
description: "Neo4j is an open-source NoSQL graph database. It is a fully transactional database (ACID) that stores data structured as graphs consisting of nodes, connected by relationships."
---


Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: neo4j/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### custom

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| uri | URI | STRING | URI for connecting to the Neo4j instance. | true |
| username | Username | STRING | Username for authentication with Neo4j. | true |
| password | Password | STRING | Password for authentication with Neo4j. | true |
| initializeSchema | Initialize Schema | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether to initialize the required schema | false |
| databaseName | Database Name | STRING | The name of the Neo4j database to use. | false |
| indexName | Index Name | STRING | The name of the index to store the vectors. | false |
| embeddingDimension | Embedding Dimension | INTEGER | The number of dimensions in the vector. | false |
| distanceType | Distance Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Suitable for most use cases. Measures cosine similarity between vectors.">COSINE</span>, <span title=" Euclidean distance between vectors. Lower values indicate higher similarity.">EUCLIDEAN</span> </details> | The distance function to use. | false |
| label | Label | STRING | The label used for document nodes. | false |
| embeddingProperty | Embedding Property | STRING | The property name used to store embeddings. | false |






<hr />


## Actions


### Load Data
Name: load

`Loads data into the vector store using LLM embeddings.`

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Load Data",
  "name" : "load",
  "type" : "neo4j/v1/load"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Search Data
Name: search

`Query data from the vector store using LLM embeddings.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| query | Query | STRING | The query to be executed. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Search Data",
  "name" : "search",
  "parameters" : {
    "query" : ""
  },
  "type" : "neo4j/v1/search"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/neo4j_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Neo4j component for ByteChef. Connect to Neo4j graph database and execute queries in your workflows."
title: Neo4j
---

Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: neo4j/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### custom

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| uri | URI | STRING | URI for connecting to the Neo4j instance. | true |
| username | Username | STRING | Username for authentication with Neo4j. | true |
| password | Password | STRING | Password for authentication with Neo4j. | true |
| initializeSchema | Initialize Schema | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether to initialize the required schema | false |
| databaseName | Database Name | STRING | The name of the Neo4j database to use. | false |
| indexName | Index Name | STRING | The name of the index to store the vectors. | false |
| embeddingDimension | Embedding Dimension | INTEGER | The number of dimensions in the vector. | false |
| distanceType | Distance Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Suitable for most use cases. Measures cosine similarity between vectors.">COSINE</span>, <span title=" Euclidean distance between vectors. Lower values indicate higher similarity.">EUCLIDEAN</span> </details> | The distance function to use. | false |
| label | Label | STRING | The label used for document nodes. | false |
| embeddingProperty | Embedding Property | STRING | The property name used to store embeddings. | false |





<hr />


## Actions


### Load Data
Name: load

`Loads data into the vector store using LLM embeddings.`

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Load Data",
  "name" : "load",
  "type" : "neo4j/v1/load"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Search Data
Name: search

`Query data from the vector store using LLM embeddings.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| query | Query | STRING | The query to be executed. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Search Data",
  "name" : "search",
  "parameters" : {
    "query" : ""
  },
  "type" : "neo4j/v1/search"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.
