docs/content/docs/reference/components/pagerduty_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "PagerDuty"
description: "With PagerDuty, you can get real-time alerts, manage on-call schedules, and automate parts of your incident response process."
---


Categories: Project Management


Type: pagerDuty/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### custom

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| api_key | API Key | STRING | Enter your API Key. Can be found in Integrations -&gt; API Access Keys. | true |



## Connection Setup

### Find OAuth Client ID and Client Secret

1. Navigate to your dashboard.
2. Click on **Account Settings**.
3. Hover on **Integrations**.
4. Click on **API Access Keys**
5. Click on **Create New API Key**.
6. Enter description of your API key.
7. Click on **Create Key**.
8. Here you can see API key. Copy it because you will not be able to see it again.
9. Click on **Close**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/8793e22c-bae1-443d-a310-0d979bec1d56?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Create Incident
Name: createIncident

`Create an incident synchronously without a corresponding event from a monitoring service.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| From | From | STRING | The email address of a valid user associated with the account making the request. | true |
| title | Title | STRING | A short description of the nature, symptoms, cause, or effect of the incident. | true |
| service | Service | STRING | The incident will be created on this service. | true |
| priority | Priority | STRING | Priority of the incident. Priorities must be enabled in your PagerDuty account in order to use them. | false |
| urgency | Urgency | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>high</span>, <span>low</span> </details> | The urgency level of this incident. | false |
| details | Details | STRING | Details about the incident. | false |
| assignments | Assignments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($assignee)] </details> | Assign the incident to these assignees. | false |
| incident_key | Incident Key | STRING | A string which identifies the incident. | false |
| incident_type | Incident Type | STRING | Incident type. | false |
| escalation_policy | Escalation Policy | STRING | Delegate this incident to the specified escalation policy. Cannot be specified if an assignee is given. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Incident",
  "name" : "createIncident",
  "parameters" : {
    "From" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "service" : "",
    "priority" : "",
    "urgency" : "",
    "details" : "",
    "assignments" : [ "" ],
    "incident_key" : "",
    "incident_type" : "",
    "escalation_policy" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pagerDuty/v1/createIncident"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| incident | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(incident_number), STRING\(title), STRING\(description), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(updated_at), STRING\(status), STRING\(incident_key), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(service), [&#123;STRING\(at), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(assignee)&#125;]\(assignments), STRING\(assigned_via), STRING\(last_status_change_at), STRING\(resolved_at), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(first_trigger_log_entry), &#123;INTEGER\(all), INTEGER\(triggered), INTEGER\(resolved)&#125;\(alert_counts), BOOLEAN\(is_mergeable), &#123;STRING\(name)&#125;\(incident_type), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(escalation_policy), []\(teams), [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\($service)]\(impacted_services), []\(pending_actions), []\(acknowledgements), STRING\(basic_alert_grouping), STRING\(alert_grouping), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(last_status_changed_by), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url), STRING\(account_id), STRING\(color), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(description), STRING\(name), INTEGER\(order), INTEGER\(schema_version), STRING\(updated_at)&#125;\(priority), []\(incidents_responders), []\(responder_requests), []\(subscriber_requests), STRING\(urgency), STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "incident" : {
    "incident_number" : 1,
    "title" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "created_at" : "",
    "updated_at" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "incident_key" : "",
    "service" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "assignments" : [ {
      "at" : "",
      "assignee" : {
        "id" : "",
        "type" : "",
        "summary" : "",
        "self" : "",
        "html_url" : ""
      }
    } ],
    "assigned_via" : "",
    "last_status_change_at" : "",
    "resolved_at" : "",
    "first_trigger_log_entry" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "alert_counts" : {
      "all" : 1,
      "triggered" : 1,
      "resolved" : 1
    },
    "is_mergeable" : false,
    "incident_type" : {
      "name" : ""
    },
    "escalation_policy" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "teams" : [ ],
    "impacted_services" : [ {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    } ],
    "pending_actions" : [ ],
    "acknowledgements" : [ ],
    "basic_alert_grouping" : "",
    "alert_grouping" : "",
    "last_status_changed_by" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "priority" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : "",
      "account_id" : "",
      "color" : "",
      "created_at" : "",
      "description" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "order" : 1,
      "schema_version" : 1,
      "updated_at" : ""
    },
    "incidents_responders" : [ ],
    "responder_requests" : [ ],
    "subscriber_requests" : [ ],
    "urgency" : "",
    "id" : "",
    "type" : "",
    "summary" : "",
    "self" : "",
    "html_url" : ""
  }
}
```




### Create Incident Note
Name: createIncidentNote

`Create a new note for the specified incident.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| From | From | STRING | The email address of a valid user associated with the account making the request. | true |
| incidentId | Incident ID | STRING | ID of the incident to which the note will be added. | true |
| content | Content | STRING | Content of the incident note. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Incident Note",
  "name" : "createIncidentNote",
  "parameters" : {
    "From" : "",
    "incidentId" : "",
    "content" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pagerDuty/v1/createIncidentNote"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| note | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), &#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(user), &#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(channel), STRING\(content), STRING\(created_at)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "note" : {
    "id" : "",
    "user" : {
      "type" : "",
      "id" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "channel" : {
      "type" : "",
      "id" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "content" : "",
    "created_at" : ""
  }
}
```




### Update Incident
Name: updateIncident

`Update selected incident.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| From | From | STRING | The email address of a valid user associated with the account making the request. | true |
| incidentId | Incident ID | STRING | ID of the incident to which the note will be added. | true |
| incident_type | Incident Type | STRING | Incident type. | true |
| status | Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>resolved</span>, <span>acknowledged</span> </details> | The new status of the incident. | false |
| assignments | Assignments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($assignee)] </details> | Assign the incident to these assignees. | false |
| resolution | Resolution | STRING | The resolution for this incident. | false |
| title | Title | STRING | A short description of the nature, symptoms, cause, or effect of the incident. | false |
| priority | Priority | STRING | Priority of the incident. Priorities must be enabled in your PagerDuty account in order to use them. | false |
| urgency | Urgency | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>high</span>, <span>low</span> </details> | The urgency level of this incident. | false |
| escalation_policy | Escalation Policy | STRING | Delegate this incident to the specified escalation policy. Cannot be specified if an assignee is given. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Incident",
  "name" : "updateIncident",
  "parameters" : {
    "From" : "",
    "incidentId" : "",
    "incident_type" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "assignments" : [ "" ],
    "resolution" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "priority" : "",
    "urgency" : "",
    "escalation_policy" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pagerDuty/v1/updateIncident"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| incident | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(incident_number), STRING\(title), STRING\(description), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(updated_at), STRING\(status), STRING\(incident_key), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(service), [&#123;STRING\(at), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(assignee)&#125;]\(assignments), STRING\(assigned_via), STRING\(last_status_change_at), STRING\(resolved_at), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(first_trigger_log_entry), &#123;INTEGER\(all), INTEGER\(triggered), INTEGER\(resolved)&#125;\(alert_counts), BOOLEAN\(is_mergeable), &#123;STRING\(name)&#125;\(incident_type), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(escalation_policy), []\(teams), [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\($service)]\(impacted_services), []\(pending_actions), []\(acknowledgements), STRING\(basic_alert_grouping), STRING\(alert_grouping), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(last_status_changed_by), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url), STRING\(account_id), STRING\(color), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(description), STRING\(name), INTEGER\(order), INTEGER\(schema_version), STRING\(updated_at)&#125;\(priority), []\(incidents_responders), []\(responder_requests), []\(subscriber_requests), STRING\(urgency), STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "incident" : {
    "incident_number" : 1,
    "title" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "created_at" : "",
    "updated_at" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "incident_key" : "",
    "service" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "assignments" : [ {
      "at" : "",
      "assignee" : {
        "id" : "",
        "type" : "",
        "summary" : "",
        "self" : "",
        "html_url" : ""
      }
    } ],
    "assigned_via" : "",
    "last_status_change_at" : "",
    "resolved_at" : "",
    "first_trigger_log_entry" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "alert_counts" : {
      "all" : 1,
      "triggered" : 1,
      "resolved" : 1
    },
    "is_mergeable" : false,
    "incident_type" : {
      "name" : ""
    },
    "escalation_policy" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "teams" : [ ],
    "impacted_services" : [ {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    } ],
    "pending_actions" : [ ],
    "acknowledgements" : [ ],
    "basic_alert_grouping" : "",
    "alert_grouping" : "",
    "last_status_changed_by" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "priority" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : "",
      "account_id" : "",
      "color" : "",
      "created_at" : "",
      "description" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "order" : 1,
      "schema_version" : 1,
      "updated_at" : ""
    },
    "incidents_responders" : [ ],
    "responder_requests" : [ ],
    "subscriber_requests" : [ ],
    "urgency" : "",
    "id" : "",
    "type" : "",
    "summary" : "",
    "self" : "",
    "html_url" : ""
  }
}
```





## Triggers


### New or Updated Incident Trigger
Name: newOrUpdatedIncident

`Triggers incident is created or updated.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| service | Service | STRING | The service that will be watched for the trigger event. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the incident that triggered the trigger. |
| event_type | STRING | Type of the event that triggered the trigger. |
| resource_type | STRING | Type of the resource that triggered the trigger. |
| occurred_at | STRING | When did the event occurred. |
| agent | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125; </details> | Agent that triggered the event. |
| client | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Client on which event occurred. |
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url), STRING\(number), STRING\(status), STRING\(incident_key), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(title), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(service), [&#123;STRING\(at), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(assignee)&#125;]\(assignees), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(escalation_policy), []\(teams), STRING\(priority), STRING\(urgency), STRING\(conference_bridge), STRING\(resolve_reason), &#123;STRING\(name)&#125;\(incident_type)&#125; </details> | Data of the object that triggered the trigger. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New or Updated Incident Trigger",
  "name" : "newOrUpdatedIncident",
  "parameters" : {
    "service" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pagerDuty/v1/newOrUpdatedIncident"
}
```





## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/pagerduty_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "PagerDuty component for ByteChef. Incident management. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: PagerDuty
---

Categories: Project Management


Type: pagerDuty/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### custom

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| api_key | API Key | STRING | Enter your API Key. Can be found in Integrations -&gt; API Access Keys. | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Incident
Name: createIncident

`Create an incident synchronously without a corresponding event from a monitoring service.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| From | From | STRING | The email address of a valid user associated with the account making the request. | true |
| title | Title | STRING | A short description of the nature, symptoms, cause, or effect of the incident. | true |
| service | Service | STRING | The incident will be created on this service. | true |
| priority | Priority | STRING | Priority of the incident. Priorities must be enabled in your PagerDuty account in order to use them. | false |
| urgency | Urgency | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>high</span>, <span>low</span> </details> | The urgency level of this incident. | false |
| details | Details | STRING | Details about the incident. | false |
| assignments | Assignments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($assignee)] </details> | Assign the incident to these assignees. | false |
| incident_key | Incident Key | STRING | A string which identifies the incident. | false |
| incident_type | Incident Type | STRING | Incident type. | false |
| escalation_policy | Escalation Policy | STRING | Delegate this incident to the specified escalation policy. Cannot be specified if an assignee is given. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Incident",
  "name" : "createIncident",
  "parameters" : {
    "From" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "service" : "",
    "priority" : "",
    "urgency" : "",
    "details" : "",
    "assignments" : [ "" ],
    "incident_key" : "",
    "incident_type" : "",
    "escalation_policy" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pagerDuty/v1/createIncident"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| incident | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(incident_number), STRING\(title), STRING\(description), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(updated_at), STRING\(status), STRING\(incident_key), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(service), [&#123;STRING\(at), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(assignee)&#125;]\(assignments), STRING\(assigned_via), STRING\(last_status_change_at), STRING\(resolved_at), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(first_trigger_log_entry), &#123;INTEGER\(all), INTEGER\(triggered), INTEGER\(resolved)&#125;\(alert_counts), BOOLEAN\(is_mergeable), &#123;STRING\(name)&#125;\(incident_type), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(escalation_policy), []\(teams), [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\($service)]\(impacted_services), []\(pending_actions), []\(acknowledgements), STRING\(basic_alert_grouping), STRING\(alert_grouping), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(last_status_changed_by), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url), STRING\(account_id), STRING\(color), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(description), STRING\(name), INTEGER\(order), INTEGER\(schema_version), STRING\(updated_at)&#125;\(priority), []\(incidents_responders), []\(responder_requests), []\(subscriber_requests), STRING\(urgency), STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "incident" : {
    "incident_number" : 1,
    "title" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "created_at" : "",
    "updated_at" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "incident_key" : "",
    "service" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "assignments" : [ {
      "at" : "",
      "assignee" : {
        "id" : "",
        "type" : "",
        "summary" : "",
        "self" : "",
        "html_url" : ""
      }
    } ],
    "assigned_via" : "",
    "last_status_change_at" : "",
    "resolved_at" : "",
    "first_trigger_log_entry" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "alert_counts" : {
      "all" : 1,
      "triggered" : 1,
      "resolved" : 1
    },
    "is_mergeable" : false,
    "incident_type" : {
      "name" : ""
    },
    "escalation_policy" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "teams" : [ ],
    "impacted_services" : [ {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    } ],
    "pending_actions" : [ ],
    "acknowledgements" : [ ],
    "basic_alert_grouping" : "",
    "alert_grouping" : "",
    "last_status_changed_by" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "priority" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : "",
      "account_id" : "",
      "color" : "",
      "created_at" : "",
      "description" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "order" : 1,
      "schema_version" : 1,
      "updated_at" : ""
    },
    "incidents_responders" : [ ],
    "responder_requests" : [ ],
    "subscriber_requests" : [ ],
    "urgency" : "",
    "id" : "",
    "type" : "",
    "summary" : "",
    "self" : "",
    "html_url" : ""
  }
}
```


### Create Incident Note
Name: createIncidentNote

`Create a new note for the specified incident.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| From | From | STRING | The email address of a valid user associated with the account making the request. | true |
| incidentId | Incident ID | STRING | ID of the incident to which the note will be added. | true |
| content | Content | STRING | Content of the incident note. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Incident Note",
  "name" : "createIncidentNote",
  "parameters" : {
    "From" : "",
    "incidentId" : "",
    "content" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pagerDuty/v1/createIncidentNote"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| note | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), &#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(user), &#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(channel), STRING\(content), STRING\(created_at)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "note" : {
    "id" : "",
    "user" : {
      "type" : "",
      "id" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "channel" : {
      "type" : "",
      "id" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "content" : "",
    "created_at" : ""
  }
}
```


### Update Incident
Name: updateIncident

`Update selected incident.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| From | From | STRING | The email address of a valid user associated with the account making the request. | true |
| incidentId | Incident ID | STRING | ID of the incident to which the note will be added. | true |
| incident_type | Incident Type | STRING | Incident type. | true |
| status | Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>resolved</span>, <span>acknowledged</span> </details> | The new status of the incident. | false |
| assignments | Assignments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($assignee)] </details> | Assign the incident to these assignees. | false |
| resolution | Resolution | STRING | The resolution for this incident. | false |
| title | Title | STRING | A short description of the nature, symptoms, cause, or effect of the incident. | false |
| priority | Priority | STRING | Priority of the incident. Priorities must be enabled in your PagerDuty account in order to use them. | false |
| urgency | Urgency | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>high</span>, <span>low</span> </details> | The urgency level of this incident. | false |
| escalation_policy | Escalation Policy | STRING | Delegate this incident to the specified escalation policy. Cannot be specified if an assignee is given. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Incident",
  "name" : "updateIncident",
  "parameters" : {
    "From" : "",
    "incidentId" : "",
    "incident_type" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "assignments" : [ "" ],
    "resolution" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "priority" : "",
    "urgency" : "",
    "escalation_policy" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pagerDuty/v1/updateIncident"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| incident | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(incident_number), STRING\(title), STRING\(description), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(updated_at), STRING\(status), STRING\(incident_key), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(service), [&#123;STRING\(at), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(assignee)&#125;]\(assignments), STRING\(assigned_via), STRING\(last_status_change_at), STRING\(resolved_at), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(first_trigger_log_entry), &#123;INTEGER\(all), INTEGER\(triggered), INTEGER\(resolved)&#125;\(alert_counts), BOOLEAN\(is_mergeable), &#123;STRING\(name)&#125;\(incident_type), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(escalation_policy), []\(teams), [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\($service)]\(impacted_services), []\(pending_actions), []\(acknowledgements), STRING\(basic_alert_grouping), STRING\(alert_grouping), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(last_status_changed_by), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url), STRING\(account_id), STRING\(color), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(description), STRING\(name), INTEGER\(order), INTEGER\(schema_version), STRING\(updated_at)&#125;\(priority), []\(incidents_responders), []\(responder_requests), []\(subscriber_requests), STRING\(urgency), STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "incident" : {
    "incident_number" : 1,
    "title" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "created_at" : "",
    "updated_at" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "incident_key" : "",
    "service" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "assignments" : [ {
      "at" : "",
      "assignee" : {
        "id" : "",
        "type" : "",
        "summary" : "",
        "self" : "",
        "html_url" : ""
      }
    } ],
    "assigned_via" : "",
    "last_status_change_at" : "",
    "resolved_at" : "",
    "first_trigger_log_entry" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "alert_counts" : {
      "all" : 1,
      "triggered" : 1,
      "resolved" : 1
    },
    "is_mergeable" : false,
    "incident_type" : {
      "name" : ""
    },
    "escalation_policy" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "teams" : [ ],
    "impacted_services" : [ {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    } ],
    "pending_actions" : [ ],
    "acknowledgements" : [ ],
    "basic_alert_grouping" : "",
    "alert_grouping" : "",
    "last_status_changed_by" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : ""
    },
    "priority" : {
      "id" : "",
      "type" : "",
      "summary" : "",
      "self" : "",
      "html_url" : "",
      "account_id" : "",
      "color" : "",
      "created_at" : "",
      "description" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "order" : 1,
      "schema_version" : 1,
      "updated_at" : ""
    },
    "incidents_responders" : [ ],
    "responder_requests" : [ ],
    "subscriber_requests" : [ ],
    "urgency" : "",
    "id" : "",
    "type" : "",
    "summary" : "",
    "self" : "",
    "html_url" : ""
  }
}
```



## Triggers


### New or Updated Incident Trigger
Name: newOrUpdatedIncident

`Triggers incident is created or updated.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| service | Service | STRING | The service that will be watched for the trigger event. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the incident that triggered the trigger. |
| event_type | STRING | Type of the event that triggered the trigger. |
| resource_type | STRING | Type of the resource that triggered the trigger. |
| occurred_at | STRING | When did the event occurred. |
| agent | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(type), STRING\(id), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125; </details> | Agent that triggered the event. |
| client | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Client on which event occurred. |
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url), STRING\(number), STRING\(status), STRING\(incident_key), STRING\(created_at), STRING\(title), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(service), [&#123;STRING\(at), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(assignee)&#125;]\(assignees), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), STRING\(summary), STRING\(self), STRING\(html_url)&#125;\(escalation_policy), []\(teams), STRING\(priority), STRING\(urgency), STRING\(conference_bridge), STRING\(resolve_reason), &#123;STRING\(name)&#125;\(incident_type)&#125; </details> | Data of the object that triggered the trigger. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New or Updated Incident Trigger",
  "name" : "newOrUpdatedIncident",
  "parameters" : {
    "service" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pagerDuty/v1/newOrUpdatedIncident"
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Find OAuth Client ID and Client Secret

1. Navigate to your dashboard.
2. Click on **Account Settings**.
3. Hover on **Integrations**.
4. Click on **API Access Keys**
5. Click on **Create New API Key**.
6. Enter description of your API key.
7. Click on **Create Key**.
8. Here you can see API key. Copy it because you will not be able to see it again.
9. Click on **Close**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/8793e22c-bae1-443d-a310-0d979bec1d56?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>
