docs/content/docs/reference/components/pipeliner_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Pipeliner"
description: "Pipeliner CRM is a comprehensive sales management tool that helps streamline sales processes through visual pipline management, contact organization, sales forecasting, and reporting."
---


Categories: CRM


Type: pipeliner/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Basic Auth

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| spaceId | Space Id | STRING | Your Space ID | true |
| serverUrl | Server URL | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>https://us-east.api.pipelinersales.com/api/v100/rest/spaces/</span>, <span>https://eu-central.api.pipelinersales.com/api/v100/rest/spaces/</span>, <span>https://ca-central.api.pipelinersales.com/api/v100/rest/spaces/</span>, <span>https://ap-southeast.api.pipelinersales.com/api/v100/rest/spaces/</span> </details> |  | true |
| username | Username | STRING |  | true |
| password | Password | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Create Account
Name: createAccount

`Creates new account.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| owner_id | Owner ID | STRING | Id of the user in Pipeliner Application that will become the owner of the newly created account. | true |
| name | Name | STRING | Account name | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Account",
  "name" : "createAccount",
  "parameters" : {
    "owner_id" : "",
    "name" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pipeliner/v1/createAccount"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| success | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | True when response succeeded, false on error. |
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(owner_id), STRING\(name)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "success" : false,
  "data" : {
    "id" : "",
    "owner_id" : "",
    "name" : ""
  }
}
```




### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Creates new contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| owner_id | Owner ID | STRING | ID of the user in Pipeliner Application that will become the owner of the newly created Contact. | true |
| first_name | First Name | STRING | The firstname of the contact. | false |
| last_name | Last Name | STRING | The lastname of the contact. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "owner_id" : "",
    "first_name" : "",
    "last_name" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pipeliner/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| success | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | True when response succeeded, false on error. |
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(owner_id), STRING\(first_name), STRING\(last_name)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "success" : false,
  "data" : {
    "id" : "",
    "owner_id" : "",
    "first_name" : "",
    "last_name" : ""
  }
}
```




### Create Task
Name: createTask

`Creates new Task`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| subject | Subject | STRING | Name of the entity and its default text representation. | true |
| activity_type_id | Activity Type ID | STRING | Id of the activity type of task. | true |
| unit_id | Unit ID | STRING | Sales Unit ID | true |
| owner_id | Owner ID | STRING |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Task",
  "name" : "createTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "subject" : "",
    "activity_type_id" : "",
    "unit_id" : "",
    "owner_id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pipeliner/v1/createTask"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| success | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> |  |
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(subject), STRING\(activity_type_id), STRING\(unit_id), STRING\(owner_id)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "success" : false,
  "data" : {
    "id" : "",
    "subject" : "",
    "activity_type_id" : "",
    "unit_id" : "",
    "owner_id" : ""
  }
}
```






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/pipeliner_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Pipeliner component for ByteChef. Sales management CRM. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Pipeliner
---

Categories: CRM


Type: pipeliner/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Basic Auth

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| spaceId | Space Id | STRING | Your Space ID | true |
| serverUrl | Server URL | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>https://us-east.api.pipelinersales.com/api/v100/rest/spaces/</span>, <span>https://eu-central.api.pipelinersales.com/api/v100/rest/spaces/</span>, <span>https://ca-central.api.pipelinersales.com/api/v100/rest/spaces/</span>, <span>https://ap-southeast.api.pipelinersales.com/api/v100/rest/spaces/</span> </details> |  | true |
| username | Username | STRING |  | true |
| password | Password | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Account
Name: createAccount

`Creates new account.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| owner_id | Owner ID | STRING | Id of the user in Pipeliner Application that will become the owner of the newly created account. | true |
| name | Name | STRING | Account name | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Account",
  "name" : "createAccount",
  "parameters" : {
    "owner_id" : "",
    "name" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pipeliner/v1/createAccount"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| success | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | True when response succeeded, false on error. |
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(owner_id), STRING\(name)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "success" : false,
  "data" : {
    "id" : "",
    "owner_id" : "",
    "name" : ""
  }
}
```


### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Creates new contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| owner_id | Owner ID | STRING | ID of the user in Pipeliner Application that will become the owner of the newly created Contact. | true |
| first_name | First Name | STRING | The firstname of the contact. | false |
| last_name | Last Name | STRING | The lastname of the contact. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "owner_id" : "",
    "first_name" : "",
    "last_name" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pipeliner/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| success | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | True when response succeeded, false on error. |
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(owner_id), STRING\(first_name), STRING\(last_name)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "success" : false,
  "data" : {
    "id" : "",
    "owner_id" : "",
    "first_name" : "",
    "last_name" : ""
  }
}
```


### Create Task
Name: createTask

`Creates new Task`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| subject | Subject | STRING | Name of the entity and its default text representation. | true |
| activity_type_id | Activity Type ID | STRING | Id of the activity type of task. | true |
| unit_id | Unit ID | STRING | Sales Unit ID | true |
| owner_id | Owner ID | STRING |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Task",
  "name" : "createTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "subject" : "",
    "activity_type_id" : "",
    "unit_id" : "",
    "owner_id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "pipeliner/v1/createTask"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| success | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> |  |
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(subject), STRING\(activity_type_id), STRING\(unit_id), STRING\(owner_id)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "success" : false,
  "data" : {
    "id" : "",
    "subject" : "",
    "activity_type_id" : "",
    "unit_id" : "",
    "owner_id" : ""
  }
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.
