docs/content/docs/reference/components/pushover_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Pushover"
description: "Pushover is a notification service that sends real-time alerts to mobile and desktop devices, integrating with apps, scripts, and services."
---


Categories: Communication


Type: pushover/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### custom

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Applications API Token | STRING | Applications API Token can be found in your applications dashboard. | true |
| user | User Key | STRING | User Key can be found in main dashboard. | true |



## Connection Setup

1. Navigate to [link](https://pushover.net/).
2. Click on **Create an Application/API Token**.
3. Enter name of your application and optionally description, icon and URL.
4. Check Terms of Service checkbox.
5. Click **Create Application**.
6. This is your **Application API Token**.
7. Click here to go to the Pushover dashboard.
8. This is your **User Key**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/0c219988-82f0-47b2-8e08-c5a89bc45bdd?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Send Notification
Name: sendNotification

`Sends a notification.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| title | Message Title | STRING | The title of the message that will be sent. | false |
| message | Message | STRING | The message to send. | true |
| priority | Priority | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>-2</span>, <span>-1</span>, <span>0</span>, <span>1</span>, <span>2</span> </details> | The priority of the message. | false |
| retry | Retry | INTEGER | How often will the notification be sent to the user. Must have a value of at least 30 seconds | true |
| expire | Expire | INTEGER | If the notification has not be acknowledged in expire seconds, it will be marked as expired and will stop being sent to the user. | true |
| url | URL | STRING | Clickable URL link in the message to send. | false |
| url_title | Url Title | STRING | When the user taps on the notification in Pushover to expand it, the URL will be shown as the supplied url_title | false |
| attachment_base64 | Attachment | FILE_ENTRY | The attachment to send. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Notification",
  "name" : "sendNotification",
  "parameters" : {
    "title" : "",
    "message" : "",
    "priority" : "",
    "retry" : 1,
    "expire" : 1,
    "url" : "",
    "url_title" : "",
    "attachment_base64" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "pushover/v1/sendNotification"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| status | INTEGER |  |
| request | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "status" : 1,
  "request" : ""
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/pushover_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Pushover component for ByteChef. Mobile notifications. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Pushover
---

Categories: Communication


Type: pushover/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### custom

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Applications API Token | STRING | Applications API Token can be found in your applications dashboard. | true |
| user | User Key | STRING | User Key can be found in main dashboard. | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Send Notification
Name: sendNotification

`Sends a notification.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| title | Message Title | STRING | The title of the message that will be sent. | false |
| message | Message | STRING | The message to send. | true |
| priority | Priority | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>-2</span>, <span>-1</span>, <span>0</span>, <span>1</span>, <span>2</span> </details> | The priority of the message. | false |
| retry | Retry | INTEGER | How often will the notification be sent to the user. Must have a value of at least 30 seconds | true |
| expire | Expire | INTEGER | If the notification has not be acknowledged in expire seconds, it will be marked as expired and will stop being sent to the user. | true |
| url | URL | STRING | Clickable URL link in the message to send. | false |
| url_title | Url Title | STRING | When the user taps on the notification in Pushover to expand it, the URL will be shown as the supplied url_title | false |
| attachment_base64 | Attachment | FILE_ENTRY | The attachment to send. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Notification",
  "name" : "sendNotification",
  "parameters" : {
    "title" : "",
    "message" : "",
    "priority" : "",
    "retry" : 1,
    "expire" : 1,
    "url" : "",
    "url_title" : "",
    "attachment_base64" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    }
  },
  "type" : "pushover/v1/sendNotification"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| status | INTEGER |  |
| request | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "status" : 1,
  "request" : ""
}
```




<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

1. Navigate to [link](https://pushover.net/).
2. Click on **Create an Application/API Token**.
3. Enter name of your application and optionally description, icon and URL.
4. Check Terms of Service checkbox.
5. Click **Create Application**.
6. This is your **Application API Token**.
7. Click here to go to the Pushover dashboard.
8. This is your **User Key**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/0c219988-82f0-47b2-8e08-c5a89bc45bdd?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>
