docs/content/docs/reference/components/qdrant_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Qdrant"
description: "Qdrant is an open-source vector similarity search engine designed to handle high-dimensional data, enabling efficient and scalable nearest neighbor search for applications like recommendation systems and machine learning."
---


Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: qdrant/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### custom

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| host | Host | STRING | The host of the Qdrant server. | true |
| port | Port | INTEGER | The gRPC port of the Qdrant server. | true |
| apiKey | API Key | STRING | The API key to use for authentication withe the server. | true |
| collection | Collection Name | STRING | The name of the collection to use. | true |
| initializeSchema | Initialize Schema | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether to initialize the schema. | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Load Data
Name: load

`Loads data into the vector store using LLM embeddings.`

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Load Data",
  "name" : "load",
  "type" : "qdrant/v1/load"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Search Data
Name: search

`Query data from the vector store using LLM embeddings.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| query | Query | STRING | The query to be executed. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Search Data",
  "name" : "search",
  "parameters" : {
    "query" : ""
  },
  "type" : "qdrant/v1/search"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/qdrant_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Qdrant component for ByteChef. Vector similarity search. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Qdrant
---

Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: qdrant/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### custom

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| host | Host | STRING | The host of the Qdrant server. | true |
| port | Port | INTEGER | The gRPC port of the Qdrant server. | true |
| apiKey | API Key | STRING | The API key to use for authentication withe the server. | true |
| collection | Collection Name | STRING | The name of the collection to use. | true |
| initializeSchema | Initialize Schema | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether to initialize the schema. | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Load Data
Name: load

`Loads data into the vector store using LLM embeddings.`

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Load Data",
  "name" : "load",
  "type" : "qdrant/v1/load"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Search Data
Name: search

`Query data from the vector store using LLM embeddings.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| query | Query | STRING | The query to be executed. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Search Data",
  "name" : "search",
  "parameters" : {
    "query" : ""
  },
  "type" : "qdrant/v1/search"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.
