docs/content/docs/reference/components/rabbitmq_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "RabbitMQ"
description: "RabbitMQ is an open-source message broker software that enables efficient communication between different systems, applications, and services. It supports multiple messaging protocols and facilitates a reliable and flexible messaging system."
---



Type: rabbitMQ/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1

null




<hr />


## Actions


### Send Message
Name: sendMessage

`Send a new RabbitMQ message.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| queue | null | STRING | The name of the queue to read from | true |
| message | null | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | The name of the queue to read from | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Message",
  "name" : "sendMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "queue" : "",
    "message" : { }
  },
  "type" : "rabbitMQ/v1/sendMessage"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.







## Triggers


### New Message
Name: newMessage

`Triggers on new RabbitMQ messages.`

Type: LISTENER

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| queue | null | STRING | The name of the queue to read from | true |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Message",
  "name" : "newMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "queue" : ""
  },
  "type" : "rabbitMQ/v1/newMessage"
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/rabbitmq_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "RabbitMQ component for ByteChef. Message broker. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: RabbitMQ
---

Type: rabbitMQ/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1

null



<hr />


## Actions


### Send Message
Name: sendMessage

`Send a new RabbitMQ message.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| queue | null | STRING | The name of the queue to read from | true |
| message | null | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | The name of the queue to read from | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Message",
  "name" : "sendMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "queue" : "",
    "message" : { }
  },
  "type" : "rabbitMQ/v1/sendMessage"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.





## Triggers


### New Message
Name: newMessage

`Triggers on new RabbitMQ messages.`

Type: LISTENER

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| queue | null | STRING | The name of the queue to read from | true |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Message",
  "name" : "newMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "queue" : ""
  },
  "type" : "rabbitMQ/v1/newMessage"
}
```
