docs/content/docs/reference/components/request_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Request"
description: "Send an HTTP request from your application to a designated integration and workflow, with the option to receive a synchronous response."
---


Categories: Helpers


Type: request/v1

<hr />





## Triggers


### Auto Respond with HTTP 200 Status
Name: autoRespondWithHTTP200

`The request trigger always replies immediately with an HTTP 200 status code in response to any incoming workflow request request. This guarantees execution of the request trigger, but does not involve any validation of the received request.`

Type: STATIC_WEBHOOK


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Auto Respond with HTTP 200 Status",
  "name" : "autoRespondWithHTTP200",
  "type" : "request/v1/autoRespondWithHTTP200"
}
```



### Await Workflow and Respond
Name: awaitWorkflowAndRespond

`You have the flexibility to set up your preferred response. After a workflow request is received, the request trigger enters a waiting state for the workflow's response.`

Type: STATIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| timeout | Timeout (ms) | INTEGER | The incoming request will time out after the specified number of milliseconds. The max wait time before a timeout is 5 minutes. | false |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Await Workflow and Respond",
  "name" : "awaitWorkflowAndRespond",
  "parameters" : {
    "timeout" : 1
  },
  "type" : "request/v1/awaitWorkflowAndRespond"
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/request_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Request component for ByteChef. Send HTTP requests to external services. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Request
---

Categories: Helpers


Type: request/v1

<hr />





## Triggers


### Auto Respond with HTTP 200 Status
Name: autoRespondWithHTTP200

`The request trigger always replies immediately with an HTTP 200 status code in response to any incoming workflow request request. This guarantees execution of the request trigger, but does not involve any validation of the received request.`

Type: STATIC_WEBHOOK


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Auto Respond with HTTP 200 Status",
  "name" : "autoRespondWithHTTP200",
  "type" : "request/v1/autoRespondWithHTTP200"
}
```


### Await Workflow and Respond
Name: awaitWorkflowAndRespond

`You have the flexibility to set up your preferred response. After a workflow request is received, the request trigger enters a waiting state for the workflow's response.`

Type: STATIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| timeout | Timeout (ms) | INTEGER | The incoming request will time out after the specified number of milliseconds. The max wait time before a timeout is 5 minutes. | false |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Await Workflow and Respond",
  "name" : "awaitWorkflowAndRespond",
  "parameters" : {
    "timeout" : 1
  },
  "type" : "request/v1/awaitWorkflowAndRespond"
}
```
