docs/content/docs/reference/components/resend_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Resend"
description: "Resend is the email API for developers."
---


Categories: Marketing Automation


Type: resend/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

Connect Resend to ByteChef using an API key.

### Create a Resend API key
1. Log in to your [Resend account](https://resend.com/).
2. Go to **API Keys**: https://resend.com/api-keys
3. Click **+ Create API Key**.
4. Give the key a descriptive name (for example, `ByteChef Integration`), choose the appropriate permission, and (optionally) limit it to a specific domain. Click **Add**.
5. Copy the generated API key.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(53.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/lEMGWkoAeLNbnjNTpUlu?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Send Email
Name: sendEmail

`Send an email`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| from | From | STRING | Sender email address. | true |
| to | To | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($email)] </details> | Recipients email addresses. | true |
| subject | Subject | STRING | Email subject. | true |
| bcc | Bcc | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($email)] </details> | Bcc recipients email addresses. | false |
| cc | Cc | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($email)] </details> | Cc recipients email addresses. | false |
| reply_to | Reply To | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($email)] </details> | Reply-to email addresses. | false |
| contentType | Content Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>HTML</span>, <span>TEXT</span> </details> |  | true |
| html | HTML | STRING | The HTML version of the message. | false |
| text | Text | STRING | The plain text version of the message. | false |
| headers | Headers | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Custom headers to add to the email. | false |
| attachments | Attachments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [FILE_ENTRY] </details> | A list of attachments to send with the email. | false |
| tags | | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Email",
  "name" : "sendEmail",
  "parameters" : {
    "from" : "",
    "to" : [ "" ],
    "subject" : "",
    "bcc" : [ "" ],
    "cc" : [ "" ],
    "reply_to" : [ "" ],
    "contentType" : "",
    "html" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "headers" : { },
    "attachments" : [ {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    } ],
    "tags" : [ {
      "name" : "",
      "value" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "resend/v1/sendEmail"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : ""
}
```






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/resend_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Resend component for ByteChef. Transactional email delivery service. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Resend
---

Categories: Marketing Automation


Type: resend/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Send Email
Name: sendEmail

`Send an email`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| from | From | STRING | Sender email address. | true |
| to | To | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($email)] </details> | Recipients email addresses. | true |
| subject | Subject | STRING | Email subject. | true |
| bcc | Bcc | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($email)] </details> | Bcc recipients email addresses. | false |
| cc | Cc | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($email)] </details> | Cc recipients email addresses. | false |
| reply_to | Reply To | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($email)] </details> | Reply-to email addresses. | false |
| contentType | Content Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>HTML</span>, <span>TEXT</span> </details> |  | true |
| html | HTML | STRING | The HTML version of the message. | false |
| text | Text | STRING | The plain text version of the message. | false |
| headers | Headers | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Custom headers to add to the email. | false |
| attachments | Attachments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [FILE_ENTRY] </details> | A list of attachments to send with the email. | false |
| tags | | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Email",
  "name" : "sendEmail",
  "parameters" : {
    "from" : "",
    "to" : [ "" ],
    "subject" : "",
    "bcc" : [ "" ],
    "cc" : [ "" ],
    "reply_to" : [ "" ],
    "contentType" : "",
    "html" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "headers" : { },
    "attachments" : [ {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    } ],
    "tags" : [ {
      "name" : "",
      "value" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "resend/v1/sendEmail"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : ""
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

Connect Resend to ByteChef using an API key.

### Create a Resend API key
1. Log in to your [Resend account](https://resend.com/).
2. Go to **API Keys**: https://resend.com/api-keys
3. Click **+ Create API Key**.
4. Give the key a descriptive name (for example, `ByteChef Integration`), choose the appropriate permission, and (optionally) limit it to a specific domain. Click **Add**.
5. Copy the generated API key.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(53.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/lEMGWkoAeLNbnjNTpUlu?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>
