docs/content/docs/reference/components/retable_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Retable"
description: "Retable is a online database and spreadsheet platform designed for teams and individuals who want to organize, manage, and collaborate on structured data."
---


Categories: Productivity and Collaboration


Type: retable/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| key | Key | STRING |  | true |
| value | API key | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Delete Row
Name: deleteRow

`Delete a row.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| workspace_id | Workspace ID | STRING | ID of the workspace. | true |
| project_id | Project ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> workspace_id </details> | ID of the project. | true |
| retable_id | Retable ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> project_id </details> | ID of the retable. | true |
| row_ids | Rows IDs | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [INTEGER] </details> | ID of the rows to delete. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Delete Row",
  "name" : "deleteRow",
  "parameters" : {
    "workspace_id" : "",
    "project_id" : "",
    "retable_id" : "",
    "row_ids" : [ 1 ]
  },
  "type" : "retable/v1/deleteRow"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(deleted_row_count)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "deleted_row_count" : 1
  }
}
```




### Insert Row
Name: insertRow

`Insert a row.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| workspace_id | Workspace ID | STRING | ID of the workspace. | true |
| project_id | Project ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> workspace_id </details> | ID of the project. | true |
| retable_id | Retable ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> project_id </details> | ID of the retable. | true |
| row_ids | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> project_id </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Insert Row",
  "name" : "insertRow",
  "parameters" : {
    "workspace_id" : "",
    "project_id" : "",
    "retable_id" : "",
    "row_ids" : { }
  },
  "type" : "retable/v1/insertRow"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;[INTEGER\($row_id), STRING\($created_at), STRING\($updated_at), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(name), STRING\(surname), STRING\(email)&#125;\($created_by), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(name), STRING\(surname), STRING\(email)&#125;\($updated_by), [STRING\($column_id), STRING\($title), STRING\($cell_value)]\($columns)]\(rows)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "rows" : [ 1, "", "", {
      "id" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "surname" : "",
      "email" : ""
    }, {
      "id" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "surname" : "",
      "email" : ""
    }, [ "", "", "" ] ]
  }
}
```




### Update Row
Name: updateRow

`Update a row.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| workspace_id | Workspace ID | STRING | ID of the workspace. | true |
| project_id | Project ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> workspace_id </details> | ID of the project. | true |
| retable_id | Retable ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> project_id </details> | ID of the retable. | true |
| row_id | Row ID | INTEGER | ID of the row to update. | true |
| row_ids | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> project_id </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Row",
  "name" : "updateRow",
  "parameters" : {
    "workspace_id" : "",
    "project_id" : "",
    "retable_id" : "",
    "row_id" : 1,
    "row_ids" : { }
  },
  "type" : "retable/v1/updateRow"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [INTEGER] </details> | Row IDs. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : [ 1 ]
}
```






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/retable_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Retable component for ByteChef. Online database. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Retable
---

Categories: Productivity and Collaboration


Type: retable/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| key | Key | STRING |  | true |
| value | API key | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Delete Row
Name: deleteRow

`Delete a row.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| workspace_id | Workspace ID | STRING | ID of the workspace. | true |
| project_id | Project ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> workspace_id </details> | ID of the project. | true |
| retable_id | Retable ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> project_id </details> | ID of the retable. | true |
| row_ids | Rows IDs | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [INTEGER] </details> | ID of the rows to delete. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Delete Row",
  "name" : "deleteRow",
  "parameters" : {
    "workspace_id" : "",
    "project_id" : "",
    "retable_id" : "",
    "row_ids" : [ 1 ]
  },
  "type" : "retable/v1/deleteRow"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(deleted_row_count)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "deleted_row_count" : 1
  }
}
```


### Insert Row
Name: insertRow

`Insert a row.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| workspace_id | Workspace ID | STRING | ID of the workspace. | true |
| project_id | Project ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> workspace_id </details> | ID of the project. | true |
| retable_id | Retable ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> project_id </details> | ID of the retable. | true |
| row_ids | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> project_id </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Insert Row",
  "name" : "insertRow",
  "parameters" : {
    "workspace_id" : "",
    "project_id" : "",
    "retable_id" : "",
    "row_ids" : { }
  },
  "type" : "retable/v1/insertRow"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;[INTEGER\($row_id), STRING\($created_at), STRING\($updated_at), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(name), STRING\(surname), STRING\(email)&#125;\($created_by), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(name), STRING\(surname), STRING\(email)&#125;\($updated_by), [STRING\($column_id), STRING\($title), STRING\($cell_value)]\($columns)]\(rows)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "rows" : [ 1, "", "", {
      "id" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "surname" : "",
      "email" : ""
    }, {
      "id" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "surname" : "",
      "email" : ""
    }, [ "", "", "" ] ]
  }
}
```


### Update Row
Name: updateRow

`Update a row.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| workspace_id | Workspace ID | STRING | ID of the workspace. | true |
| project_id | Project ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> workspace_id </details> | ID of the project. | true |
| retable_id | Retable ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> project_id </details> | ID of the retable. | true |
| row_id | Row ID | INTEGER | ID of the row to update. | true |
| row_ids | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> project_id </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Row",
  "name" : "updateRow",
  "parameters" : {
    "workspace_id" : "",
    "project_id" : "",
    "retable_id" : "",
    "row_id" : 1,
    "row_ids" : { }
  },
  "type" : "retable/v1/updateRow"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [INTEGER] </details> | Row IDs. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : [ 1 ]
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.
