docs/content/docs/reference/components/salesforce_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Salesforce"
description: "Salesforce is a cloud-based customer relationship management (CRM) platform that provides tools for sales, service, marketing, and analytics to help businesses manage customer interactions and data."
---


Categories: CRM


Type: salesforce/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| subdomain | Subdomain | STRING | The subdomain of your Salesforce instance. | true |
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Create Record
Name: createRecord

`Creates a new record of a specified Salesforce object.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| object | Salesforce Object | STRING |  | true |
| fields | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> object </details> |  | true |
| customFields | Custom Fields | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Record",
  "name" : "createRecord",
  "parameters" : {
    "object" : "",
    "fields" : { },
    "customFields" : { }
  },
  "type" : "salesforce/v1/createRecord"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the created record. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : ""
}
```




### Delete Record
Name: deleteRecord

`Deletes an existing record of a specified Salesforce object.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| object | Salesforce Object | STRING |  | true |
| id | Record ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> object </details> | ID of the object to delete. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Delete Record",
  "name" : "deleteRecord",
  "parameters" : {
    "object" : "",
    "id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "salesforce/v1/deleteRecord"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### SOQL Query
Name: soqlQuery

`Executes a raw SOQL query to  extract data from Salesforce.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| q | Query | STRING | SOQL query to execute. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "SOQL Query",
  "name" : "soqlQuery",
  "parameters" : {
    "q" : ""
  },
  "type" : "salesforce/v1/soqlQuery"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Update Record
Name: updateRecord

`Updates an existing record for a specified Salesforce object.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| object | Salesforce Object | STRING |  | true |
| id | Record ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> object </details> | ID of the record to update. | true |
| fields | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> object </details> |  | true |
| customFields | Custom Fields | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Record",
  "name" : "updateRecord",
  "parameters" : {
    "object" : "",
    "id" : "",
    "fields" : { },
    "customFields" : { }
  },
  "type" : "salesforce/v1/updateRecord"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.







## Triggers


### New Record
Name: newRecord

`Triggers when there is new record in Salesforce.`

Type: POLLING

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| object | Salesforce Object | STRING |  | true |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Record",
  "name" : "newRecord",
  "parameters" : {
    "object" : ""
  },
  "type" : "salesforce/v1/newRecord"
}
```



### Updated Record
Name: updatedRecord

`Triggers when record is updated.`

Type: POLLING

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| object | Salesforce Object | STRING |  | true |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Updated Record",
  "name" : "updatedRecord",
  "parameters" : {
    "object" : ""
  },
  "type" : "salesforce/v1/updatedRecord"
}
```





## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/salesforce_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Salesforce component for ByteChef. CRM platform. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Salesforce
---

Categories: CRM


Type: salesforce/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| subdomain | Subdomain | STRING | The subdomain of your Salesforce instance. | true |
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Record
Name: createRecord

`Creates a new record of a specified Salesforce object.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| object | Salesforce Object | STRING |  | true |
| fields | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> object </details> |  | true |
| customFields | Custom Fields | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Record",
  "name" : "createRecord",
  "parameters" : {
    "object" : "",
    "fields" : { },
    "customFields" : { }
  },
  "type" : "salesforce/v1/createRecord"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | STRING | ID of the created record. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : ""
}
```


### Delete Record
Name: deleteRecord

`Deletes an existing record of a specified Salesforce object.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| object | Salesforce Object | STRING |  | true |
| id | Record ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> object </details> | ID of the object to delete. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Delete Record",
  "name" : "deleteRecord",
  "parameters" : {
    "object" : "",
    "id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "salesforce/v1/deleteRecord"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### SOQL Query
Name: soqlQuery

`Executes a raw SOQL query to  extract data from Salesforce.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| q | Query | STRING | SOQL query to execute. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "SOQL Query",
  "name" : "soqlQuery",
  "parameters" : {
    "q" : ""
  },
  "type" : "salesforce/v1/soqlQuery"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Update Record
Name: updateRecord

`Updates an existing record for a specified Salesforce object.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| object | Salesforce Object | STRING |  | true |
| id | Record ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> object </details> | ID of the record to update. | true |
| fields | | DYNAMIC_PROPERTIES <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> object </details> |  | true |
| customFields | Custom Fields | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Record",
  "name" : "updateRecord",
  "parameters" : {
    "object" : "",
    "id" : "",
    "fields" : { },
    "customFields" : { }
  },
  "type" : "salesforce/v1/updateRecord"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.





## Triggers


### New Record
Name: newRecord

`Triggers when there is new record in Salesforce.`

Type: POLLING

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| object | Salesforce Object | STRING |  | true |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Record",
  "name" : "newRecord",
  "parameters" : {
    "object" : ""
  },
  "type" : "salesforce/v1/newRecord"
}
```


### Updated Record
Name: updatedRecord

`Triggers when record is updated.`

Type: POLLING

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| object | Salesforce Object | STRING |  | true |


#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Updated Record",
  "name" : "updatedRecord",
  "parameters" : {
    "object" : ""
  },
  "type" : "salesforce/v1/updatedRecord"
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.
