docs/content/docs/reference/components/schedule_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Schedule"
description: "With the Scheduled trigger, you can initiate customized workflows at specific time intervals."
---


Categories: Helpers


Type: schedule/v1

<hr />





## Triggers


### Every Day
Name: everyDay

`Trigger off at a specific time either on a daily basis or selected days of the week.`

Type: LISTENER

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| hour | Hour | INTEGER | The hour at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| minute | Minute | INTEGER | The minute at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| dayOfWeek | Day of Week | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [INTEGER] </details> | Days at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| timezone | Timezone | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Etc/GMT+0</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-12</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-13</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-14</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+12</span> </details> | The timezone at which the cron expression will be scheduled. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| fireTime | STRING | The exact date and time when the trigger was activated, formatted according to the specified timezone. |
| datetime | DATE_TIME | The date and time when the trigger was activated. |
| hour | INTEGER | The hour of the day (0-23) at which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| minute | INTEGER | The minute of the hour (0-59) at which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| dayOfWeek | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [INTEGER] </details> | The specific days of the week (represented as integers) on which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| timezone | STRING | The timezone used for scheduling the cron expression, ensuring the trigger fires at the correct local time. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Every Day",
  "name" : "everyDay",
  "parameters" : {
    "hour" : 1,
    "minute" : 1,
    "dayOfWeek" : [ 1 ],
    "timezone" : ""
  },
  "type" : "schedule/v1/everyDay"
}
```



### Every Week
Name: everyWeek

`Trigger off at a specific day of the week.`

Type: LISTENER

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| hour | Hour | INTEGER | The hour at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| minute | Minute | INTEGER | The minute at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| dayOfWeek | Day of Week | INTEGER <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>2</span>, <span>3</span>, <span>4</span>, <span>5</span>, <span>6</span>, <span>7</span>, <span>1</span> </details> | Days at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| timezone | Timezone | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Etc/GMT+0</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-12</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-13</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-14</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+12</span> </details> | The timezone at which the cron expression will be scheduled. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| fireTime | STRING | The exact date and time when the trigger was activated, formatted according to the specified timezone. |
| datetime | DATE_TIME | The date and time when the trigger was activated. |
| hour | INTEGER | The hour of the day (0-23) at which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| minute | INTEGER | The minute of the hour (0-59) at which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| dayOfWeek | INTEGER | The day of the week (represented as integers) on which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| timezone | STRING | The timezone used for scheduling the cron expression, ensuring the trigger fires at the correct local time. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Every Week",
  "name" : "everyWeek",
  "parameters" : {
    "hour" : 1,
    "minute" : 1,
    "dayOfWeek" : 1,
    "timezone" : ""
  },
  "type" : "schedule/v1/everyWeek"
}
```



### Every Month
Name: everyMonth

`Trigger off at a specific time in month.`

Type: LISTENER

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| hour | Hour | INTEGER | The hour at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| minute | Minute | INTEGER | The minute at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| dayOfMonth | Day of Month | INTEGER | The day of the month  at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| timezone | Timezone | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Etc/GMT+0</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-12</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-13</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-14</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+12</span> </details> | The timezone at which the cron expression will be scheduled. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| fireTime | STRING | The exact date and time when the trigger was activated, formatted according to the specified timezone. |
| datetime | DATE_TIME | The date and time when the trigger was activated. |
| hour | INTEGER | The hour of the day (0-23) at which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| minute | INTEGER | The minute of the hour (0-59) at which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| dayOfMonth | INTEGER | The specific day of the month (1-31) on which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| timezone | STRING | The timezone used for scheduling the cron expression, ensuring the trigger fires at the correct local time. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Every Month",
  "name" : "everyMonth",
  "parameters" : {
    "hour" : 1,
    "minute" : 1,
    "dayOfMonth" : 1,
    "timezone" : ""
  },
  "type" : "schedule/v1/everyMonth"
}
```



### Interval
Name: interval

`Trigger off periodically, for example every minute or day, based on a set interval.`

Type: LISTENER

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| interval | Interval | INTEGER | Specifies the frequency at which the workflow is triggered, based on the selected time unit. For example, an interval of 5 with a time unit of 'Minute' triggers the workflow every 5 minutes. | true |
| timeUnit | Time Unit | INTEGER <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>1</span>, <span>2</span>, <span>3</span>, <span>4</span> </details> | Specifies the unit of time used in conjunction with the interval to determine the frequency of workflow triggers. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| fireTime | STRING | The exact date and time when the trigger was activated, formatted according to the specified timezone. |
| datetime | DATE_TIME | The date and time when the trigger was activated. |
| interval | INTEGER | The interval value that determines how frequently the workflow is triggered, based on the selected time unit. |
| timeUnit | INTEGER | The unit of time (e.g., minute, hour, day, month) used in conjunction with the interval to schedule the trigger. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Interval",
  "name" : "interval",
  "parameters" : {
    "interval" : 1,
    "timeUnit" : 1
  },
  "type" : "schedule/v1/interval"
}
```



### Cron
Name: cron

`Trigger off based on a custom schedule.`

Type: LISTENER

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| expression | Expression | STRING | The chron schedule expression. Format: [Minute] [Hour] [Day of Month] [Month] [Day of Week] | true |
| timezone | Timezone | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Etc/GMT+0</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-12</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-13</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-14</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+12</span> </details> | The timezone at which the cron expression will be scheduled. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| fireTime | STRING | The exact date and time when the trigger was activated, formatted according to the specified timezone. |
| datetime | DATE_TIME | The date and time when the trigger was activated. |
| expression | STRING | The cron schedule expression that defines the timing pattern for triggering the workflow. |
| timezone | STRING | The timezone used for scheduling the cron expression, ensuring the trigger fires at the correct local time. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Cron",
  "name" : "cron",
  "parameters" : {
    "expression" : "",
    "timezone" : ""
  },
  "type" : "schedule/v1/cron"
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/schedule_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Schedule component for ByteChef. Scheduled workflow trigger. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Schedule
---

Categories: Helpers


Type: schedule/v1

<hr />





## Triggers


### Every Day
Name: everyDay

`Trigger off at a specific time either on a daily basis or selected days of the week.`

Type: LISTENER

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| hour | Hour | INTEGER | The hour at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| minute | Minute | INTEGER | The minute at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| dayOfWeek | Day of Week | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [INTEGER] </details> | Days at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| timezone | Timezone | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Etc/GMT+0</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-12</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-13</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-14</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+12</span> </details> | The timezone at which the cron expression will be scheduled. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| fireTime | STRING | The exact date and time when the trigger was activated, formatted according to the specified timezone. |
| datetime | DATE_TIME | The date and time when the trigger was activated. |
| hour | INTEGER | The hour of the day (0-23) at which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| minute | INTEGER | The minute of the hour (0-59) at which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| dayOfWeek | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [INTEGER] </details> | The specific days of the week (represented as integers) on which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| timezone | STRING | The timezone used for scheduling the cron expression, ensuring the trigger fires at the correct local time. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Every Day",
  "name" : "everyDay",
  "parameters" : {
    "hour" : 1,
    "minute" : 1,
    "dayOfWeek" : [ 1 ],
    "timezone" : ""
  },
  "type" : "schedule/v1/everyDay"
}
```


### Every Week
Name: everyWeek

`Trigger off at a specific day of the week.`

Type: LISTENER

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| hour | Hour | INTEGER | The hour at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| minute | Minute | INTEGER | The minute at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| dayOfWeek | Day of Week | INTEGER <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>2</span>, <span>3</span>, <span>4</span>, <span>5</span>, <span>6</span>, <span>7</span>, <span>1</span> </details> | Days at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| timezone | Timezone | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Etc/GMT+0</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-12</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-13</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-14</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+12</span> </details> | The timezone at which the cron expression will be scheduled. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| fireTime | STRING | The exact date and time when the trigger was activated, formatted according to the specified timezone. |
| datetime | DATE_TIME | The date and time when the trigger was activated. |
| hour | INTEGER | The hour of the day (0-23) at which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| minute | INTEGER | The minute of the hour (0-59) at which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| dayOfWeek | INTEGER | The day of the week (represented as integers) on which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| timezone | STRING | The timezone used for scheduling the cron expression, ensuring the trigger fires at the correct local time. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Every Week",
  "name" : "everyWeek",
  "parameters" : {
    "hour" : 1,
    "minute" : 1,
    "dayOfWeek" : 1,
    "timezone" : ""
  },
  "type" : "schedule/v1/everyWeek"
}
```


### Every Month
Name: everyMonth

`Trigger off at a specific time in month.`

Type: LISTENER

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| hour | Hour | INTEGER | The hour at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| minute | Minute | INTEGER | The minute at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| dayOfMonth | Day of Month | INTEGER | The day of the month  at which a workflow will be triggered. | true |
| timezone | Timezone | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Etc/GMT+0</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-12</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-13</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-14</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+12</span> </details> | The timezone at which the cron expression will be scheduled. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| fireTime | STRING | The exact date and time when the trigger was activated, formatted according to the specified timezone. |
| datetime | DATE_TIME | The date and time when the trigger was activated. |
| hour | INTEGER | The hour of the day (0-23) at which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| minute | INTEGER | The minute of the hour (0-59) at which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| dayOfMonth | INTEGER | The specific day of the month (1-31) on which the workflow was set to trigger. |
| timezone | STRING | The timezone used for scheduling the cron expression, ensuring the trigger fires at the correct local time. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Every Month",
  "name" : "everyMonth",
  "parameters" : {
    "hour" : 1,
    "minute" : 1,
    "dayOfMonth" : 1,
    "timezone" : ""
  },
  "type" : "schedule/v1/everyMonth"
}
```


### Interval
Name: interval

`Trigger off periodically, for example every minute or day, based on a set interval.`

Type: LISTENER

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| interval | Interval | INTEGER | Specifies the frequency at which the workflow is triggered, based on the selected time unit. For example, an interval of 5 with a time unit of 'Minute' triggers the workflow every 5 minutes. | true |
| timeUnit | Time Unit | INTEGER <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>1</span>, <span>2</span>, <span>3</span>, <span>4</span> </details> | Specifies the unit of time used in conjunction with the interval to determine the frequency of workflow triggers. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| fireTime | STRING | The exact date and time when the trigger was activated, formatted according to the specified timezone. |
| datetime | DATE_TIME | The date and time when the trigger was activated. |
| interval | INTEGER | The interval value that determines how frequently the workflow is triggered, based on the selected time unit. |
| timeUnit | INTEGER | The unit of time (e.g., minute, hour, day, month) used in conjunction with the interval to schedule the trigger. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Interval",
  "name" : "interval",
  "parameters" : {
    "interval" : 1,
    "timeUnit" : 1
  },
  "type" : "schedule/v1/interval"
}
```


### Cron
Name: cron

`Trigger off based on a custom schedule.`

Type: LISTENER

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| expression | Expression | STRING | The chron schedule expression. Format: [Minute] [Hour] [Day of Month] [Month] [Day of Week] | true |
| timezone | Timezone | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Etc/GMT+0</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-12</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-13</span>, <span>Etc/GMT-14</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+1</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+2</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+3</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+4</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+5</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+6</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+7</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+8</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+9</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+10</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+11</span>, <span>Etc/GMT+12</span> </details> | The timezone at which the cron expression will be scheduled. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| fireTime | STRING | The exact date and time when the trigger was activated, formatted according to the specified timezone. |
| datetime | DATE_TIME | The date and time when the trigger was activated. |
| expression | STRING | The cron schedule expression that defines the timing pattern for triggering the workflow. |
| timezone | STRING | The timezone used for scheduling the cron expression, ensuring the trigger fires at the correct local time. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Cron",
  "name" : "cron",
  "parameters" : {
    "expression" : "",
    "timezone" : ""
  },
  "type" : "schedule/v1/cron"
}
```
