docs/content/docs/reference/components/sendgrid_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Sendgrid"
description: "Trusted for reliable email delivery at scale."
---


Categories: Communication, Marketing Automation


Type: sendgrid/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Send Email
Name: sendEmail

`Sends an email.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| from | From | STRING | Email address from which you want to send. | true |
| to | To | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Email addresses which you want to send to. | true |
| cc | CC | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Email address which receives a copy. | false |
| subject | Subject | STRING | Subject of your email | true |
| text | Message Body | STRING | This is the message you want to send | true |
| type | Message Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>text/plain</span>, <span>text/html</span> </details> | Message type for your content | true |
| attachments | Attachments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [FILE_ENTRY] </details> | A list of attachments you want to include with the email. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Email",
  "name" : "sendEmail",
  "parameters" : {
    "from" : "",
    "to" : [ "" ],
    "cc" : [ "" ],
    "subject" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "type" : "",
    "attachments" : [ {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "sendgrid/v1/sendEmail"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.








## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/sendgrid_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "SendGrid component for ByteChef. Email delivery. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Sendgrid
---

Categories: Communication, Marketing Automation


Type: sendgrid/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Send Email
Name: sendEmail

`Sends an email.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| from | From | STRING | Email address from which you want to send. | true |
| to | To | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Email addresses which you want to send to. | true |
| cc | CC | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Email address which receives a copy. | false |
| subject | Subject | STRING | Subject of your email | true |
| text | Message Body | STRING | This is the message you want to send | true |
| type | Message Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>text/plain</span>, <span>text/html</span> </details> | Message type for your content | true |
| attachments | Attachments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [FILE_ENTRY] </details> | A list of attachments you want to include with the email. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Email",
  "name" : "sendEmail",
  "parameters" : {
    "from" : "",
    "to" : [ "" ],
    "cc" : [ "" ],
    "subject" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "type" : "",
    "attachments" : [ {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "sendgrid/v1/sendEmail"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.
