docs/content/docs/reference/components/sendfox_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "SendFox"
description: "SendFox lets you automate email campaigns, complete with custom opt-in forms and landing pages, so you're not tanking your budget to get new subscribers."
---


Categories: Advertising


Type: sendfox/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

### Find OAuth Client ID and Client Secret

1. Navigate to your dashboard.
2. Click this icon.
3. Click on **Settings**.
4. Click on **API**.
5. Click on **Create New Client**.
6. Enter OAuth client name.
7. Enter a redirect URI, e.g., http://127.0.0.1:5173/callback, https://app.bytechef.io/callback. Click on **Create**.
8. Here you can see your credentials.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/c32a46b5-b477-499c-821f-99fd44407277?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Creates a new contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| email | Email Address | STRING | Email address of the contact. | true |
| first_name | First Name | STRING | First name of the contact. | false |
| last_name | Last Name | STRING | Last name of the contact. | false |
| lists | Lists | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [INTEGER] </details> | Lists to which the new contact will be added. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "email" : "",
    "first_name" : "",
    "last_name" : "",
    "lists" : [ 1 ]
  },
  "type" : "sendfox/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | INTEGER | ID of the contact. |
| email | STRING | Email of the contact. |
| first_name | STRING | First name of the contact. |
| last_name | STRING | Last name of the contact. |
| ip_address | STRING | IP address of the contact. |
| unsubscribed_at | STRING | Date when the contact unsubscribed. |
| bounced_at | STRING | Date when the contact was bounced. |
| created_at | STRING | Date when the contact was created. |
| updated_at | STRING | Date when the contact was updated. |
| form_id | INTEGER | Form ID of the contact. |
| contact_import_id | INTEGER | Contact import ID of the contact. |
| via_api | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the contact was created via API. |
| last_opened_at | STRING | Date when the contact last opened an email. |
| last_clicked_at | STRING | Date when the contact last clicked an email. |
| first_sent_at | STRING | Date when the first email was sent to the contact. |
| last_sent_at | STRING | Date when the last email was sent to the contact. |
| invalid_at | STRING | Date when the contact became invalid. |
| inactive_at | STRING | Date when the contact became invalid. |
| confirmed_at | STRING | Date when the contact confirmed the subscription. |
| social_platform_id | INTEGER | Social platform ID of the contact. |
| confirmation_sent_at | STRING | Date when the confirmation for the subscription was sent to the contact. |
| confirmation_sent_count | INTEGER | How many confirmation emails were sent. |
| created_ago | STRING | How many seconds ago was the contact created. |
| contact_fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | Additional contact information. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : 1,
  "email" : "",
  "first_name" : "",
  "last_name" : "",
  "ip_address" : "",
  "unsubscribed_at" : "",
  "bounced_at" : "",
  "created_at" : "",
  "updated_at" : "",
  "form_id" : 1,
  "contact_import_id" : 1,
  "via_api" : false,
  "last_opened_at" : "",
  "last_clicked_at" : "",
  "first_sent_at" : "",
  "last_sent_at" : "",
  "invalid_at" : "",
  "inactive_at" : "",
  "confirmed_at" : "",
  "social_platform_id" : 1,
  "confirmation_sent_at" : "",
  "confirmation_sent_count" : 1,
  "created_ago" : "",
  "contact_fields" : [ {
    "name" : "",
    "value" : ""
  } ]
}
```




### Create List
Name: createList

`Creates a new list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| name | Name | STRING | Name of the list. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create List",
  "name" : "createList",
  "parameters" : {
    "name" : ""
  },
  "type" : "sendfox/v1/createList"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | Name of the list. |
| created_at | STRING | Date when the list was created. |
| id | INTEGER | ID of the list. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "name" : "",
  "created_at" : "",
  "id" : 1
}
```




### Unsubscribe Contact
Name: unsubscribeContact

`Unsubscribes a contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| email | Email | STRING | Email of the Contact. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Unsubscribe Contact",
  "name" : "unsubscribeContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "email" : ""
  },
  "type" : "sendfox/v1/unsubscribeContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | INTEGER | ID of the contact. |
| email | STRING | Email of the contact. |
| first_name | STRING | First name of the contact. |
| last_name | STRING | Last name of the contact. |
| ip_address | STRING | IP address of the contact. |
| unsubscribed_at | STRING | Date when the contact unsubscribed. |
| bounced_at | STRING | Date when the contact was bounced. |
| created_at | STRING | Date when the contact was created. |
| updated_at | STRING | Date when the contact was updated. |
| form_id | INTEGER | Form ID of the contact. |
| contact_import_id | INTEGER | Contact import ID of the contact. |
| via_api | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the contact was created via API. |
| last_opened_at | STRING | Date when the contact last opened an email. |
| last_clicked_at | STRING | Date when the contact last clicked an email. |
| first_sent_at | STRING | Date when the first email was sent to the contact. |
| last_sent_at | STRING | Date when the last email was sent to the contact. |
| invalid_at | STRING | Date when the contact became invalid. |
| inactive_at | STRING | Date when the contact became invalid. |
| confirmed_at | STRING | Date when the contact confirmed the subscription. |
| social_platform_id | INTEGER | Social platform ID of the contact. |
| confirmation_sent_at | STRING | Date when the confirmation for the subscription was sent to the contact. |
| confirmation_sent_count | INTEGER | How many confirmation emails were sent. |
| created_ago | STRING | How many seconds ago was the contact created. |
| contact_fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | Additional contact information. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : 1,
  "email" : "",
  "first_name" : "",
  "last_name" : "",
  "ip_address" : "",
  "unsubscribed_at" : "",
  "bounced_at" : "",
  "created_at" : "",
  "updated_at" : "",
  "form_id" : 1,
  "contact_import_id" : 1,
  "via_api" : false,
  "last_opened_at" : "",
  "last_clicked_at" : "",
  "first_sent_at" : "",
  "last_sent_at" : "",
  "invalid_at" : "",
  "inactive_at" : "",
  "confirmed_at" : "",
  "social_platform_id" : 1,
  "confirmation_sent_at" : "",
  "confirmation_sent_count" : 1,
  "created_ago" : "",
  "contact_fields" : [ {
    "name" : "",
    "value" : ""
  } ]
}
```






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/sendfox_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "SendFox component for ByteChef. Email marketing. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: SendFox
---

Categories: Advertising


Type: sendfox/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Creates a new contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| email | Email Address | STRING | Email address of the contact. | true |
| first_name | First Name | STRING | First name of the contact. | false |
| last_name | Last Name | STRING | Last name of the contact. | false |
| lists | Lists | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [INTEGER] </details> | Lists to which the new contact will be added. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "email" : "",
    "first_name" : "",
    "last_name" : "",
    "lists" : [ 1 ]
  },
  "type" : "sendfox/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | INTEGER | ID of the contact. |
| email | STRING | Email of the contact. |
| first_name | STRING | First name of the contact. |
| last_name | STRING | Last name of the contact. |
| ip_address | STRING | IP address of the contact. |
| unsubscribed_at | STRING | Date when the contact unsubscribed. |
| bounced_at | STRING | Date when the contact was bounced. |
| created_at | STRING | Date when the contact was created. |
| updated_at | STRING | Date when the contact was updated. |
| form_id | INTEGER | Form ID of the contact. |
| contact_import_id | INTEGER | Contact import ID of the contact. |
| via_api | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the contact was created via API. |
| last_opened_at | STRING | Date when the contact last opened an email. |
| last_clicked_at | STRING | Date when the contact last clicked an email. |
| first_sent_at | STRING | Date when the first email was sent to the contact. |
| last_sent_at | STRING | Date when the last email was sent to the contact. |
| invalid_at | STRING | Date when the contact became invalid. |
| inactive_at | STRING | Date when the contact became invalid. |
| confirmed_at | STRING | Date when the contact confirmed the subscription. |
| social_platform_id | INTEGER | Social platform ID of the contact. |
| confirmation_sent_at | STRING | Date when the confirmation for the subscription was sent to the contact. |
| confirmation_sent_count | INTEGER | How many confirmation emails were sent. |
| created_ago | STRING | How many seconds ago was the contact created. |
| contact_fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | Additional contact information. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : 1,
  "email" : "",
  "first_name" : "",
  "last_name" : "",
  "ip_address" : "",
  "unsubscribed_at" : "",
  "bounced_at" : "",
  "created_at" : "",
  "updated_at" : "",
  "form_id" : 1,
  "contact_import_id" : 1,
  "via_api" : false,
  "last_opened_at" : "",
  "last_clicked_at" : "",
  "first_sent_at" : "",
  "last_sent_at" : "",
  "invalid_at" : "",
  "inactive_at" : "",
  "confirmed_at" : "",
  "social_platform_id" : 1,
  "confirmation_sent_at" : "",
  "confirmation_sent_count" : 1,
  "created_ago" : "",
  "contact_fields" : [ {
    "name" : "",
    "value" : ""
  } ]
}
```


### Create List
Name: createList

`Creates a new list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| name | Name | STRING | Name of the list. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create List",
  "name" : "createList",
  "parameters" : {
    "name" : ""
  },
  "type" : "sendfox/v1/createList"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| name | STRING | Name of the list. |
| created_at | STRING | Date when the list was created. |
| id | INTEGER | ID of the list. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "name" : "",
  "created_at" : "",
  "id" : 1
}
```


### Unsubscribe Contact
Name: unsubscribeContact

`Unsubscribes a contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| email | Email | STRING | Email of the Contact. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Unsubscribe Contact",
  "name" : "unsubscribeContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "email" : ""
  },
  "type" : "sendfox/v1/unsubscribeContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | INTEGER | ID of the contact. |
| email | STRING | Email of the contact. |
| first_name | STRING | First name of the contact. |
| last_name | STRING | Last name of the contact. |
| ip_address | STRING | IP address of the contact. |
| unsubscribed_at | STRING | Date when the contact unsubscribed. |
| bounced_at | STRING | Date when the contact was bounced. |
| created_at | STRING | Date when the contact was created. |
| updated_at | STRING | Date when the contact was updated. |
| form_id | INTEGER | Form ID of the contact. |
| contact_import_id | INTEGER | Contact import ID of the contact. |
| via_api | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the contact was created via API. |
| last_opened_at | STRING | Date when the contact last opened an email. |
| last_clicked_at | STRING | Date when the contact last clicked an email. |
| first_sent_at | STRING | Date when the first email was sent to the contact. |
| last_sent_at | STRING | Date when the last email was sent to the contact. |
| invalid_at | STRING | Date when the contact became invalid. |
| inactive_at | STRING | Date when the contact became invalid. |
| confirmed_at | STRING | Date when the contact confirmed the subscription. |
| social_platform_id | INTEGER | Social platform ID of the contact. |
| confirmation_sent_at | STRING | Date when the confirmation for the subscription was sent to the contact. |
| confirmation_sent_count | INTEGER | How many confirmation emails were sent. |
| created_ago | STRING | How many seconds ago was the contact created. |
| contact_fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(name), STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | Additional contact information. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : 1,
  "email" : "",
  "first_name" : "",
  "last_name" : "",
  "ip_address" : "",
  "unsubscribed_at" : "",
  "bounced_at" : "",
  "created_at" : "",
  "updated_at" : "",
  "form_id" : 1,
  "contact_import_id" : 1,
  "via_api" : false,
  "last_opened_at" : "",
  "last_clicked_at" : "",
  "first_sent_at" : "",
  "last_sent_at" : "",
  "invalid_at" : "",
  "inactive_at" : "",
  "confirmed_at" : "",
  "social_platform_id" : 1,
  "confirmation_sent_at" : "",
  "confirmation_sent_count" : 1,
  "created_ago" : "",
  "contact_fields" : [ {
    "name" : "",
    "value" : ""
  } ]
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Find OAuth Client ID and Client Secret

1. Navigate to your dashboard.
2. Click this icon.
3. Click on **Settings**.
4. Click on **API**.
5. Click on **Create New Client**.
6. Enter OAuth client name.
7. Enter a redirect URI, e.g., http://127.0.0.1:5173/callback, https://app.bytechef.io/callback. Click on **Create**.
8. Here you can see your credentials.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/c32a46b5-b477-499c-821f-99fd44407277?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>
