docs/content/docs/reference/components/stability_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Stability AI"
description: "Activating humanity's potential through generative AI. Open models in every modality, for everyone, everywhere."
---


Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: stability/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | API Key | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Create Image
Name: createImage

`Create an image using text-to-image models`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| model | Model | STRING | The model to use for image generation. | false |
| imageMessages | Messages | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(content), NUMBER\(weight)&#125;] </details> | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. | true |
| height | Height | INTEGER | Height of the image to generate, in pixels, in an increment divisible by 64. Engine-specific dimension validation applies. | true |
| width | Width | INTEGER | Width of the image to generate, in pixels, in an increment divisible by 64. Engine-specific dimension validation applies. | true |
| n | Number of Responses | INTEGER | The number of images to generate. Must be between 1 and 10. For dall-e-3, only n=1 is supported.. | false |
| responseFormat | Response format | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>URL</span>, <span>B64_JSON</span> </details> | The format in which the generated images are returned. | false |
| style | Style | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>THREE_D_MODEL</span>, <span>ANALOG_FILM</span>, <span>ANIME</span>, <span>CINEMATIC</span>, <span>COMIC_BOOK</span>, <span>DIGITAL_ART</span>, <span>ENHANCE</span>, <span>FANTASY_ART</span>, <span>ISOMETRIC</span>, <span>LINE_ART</span>, <span>LOW_POLY</span>, <span>MODELING_COMPOUND</span>, <span>NEON_PUNK</span>, <span>ORIGAMI</span>, <span>PHOTOGRAPHIC</span>, <span>PIXEL_ART</span>, <span>TILE_TEXTURE</span> </details> | Pass in a style preset to guide the image model towards a particular style. This list of style presets is subject to change. | false |
| steps | Steps | INTEGER | Number of diffusion steps to run. Valid range: 10 to 50. | false |
| cfgScale | CFG scale | NUMBER | The strictness level of the diffusion process adherence to the prompt text. Range: 0 to 35. | false |
| clipGuidancePreset | Clip guidance preset | STRING | Pass in a style preset to guide the image model towards a particular style. This list of style presets is subject to change. | false |
| sampler | Sampler | STRING | Which sampler to use for the diffusion process. If this value is omitted, an appropriate sampler will be automatically selected. | false |
| seed | Seed | NUMBER | Random noise seed (omit this option or use 0 for a random seed). Valid range: 0 to 4294967295. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Image",
  "name" : "createImage",
  "parameters" : {
    "model" : "",
    "imageMessages" : [ {
      "content" : "",
      "weight" : 0.0
    } ],
    "height" : 1,
    "width" : 1,
    "n" : 1,
    "responseFormat" : "",
    "style" : "",
    "steps" : 1,
    "cfgScale" : 0.0,
    "clipGuidancePreset" : "",
    "sampler" : "",
    "seed" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "stability/v1/createImage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| url | STRING | URL of the generated image. |
| b64Json | STRING | Base64 encoded JSON of the generated image. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "url" : "",
  "b64Json" : ""
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/stability_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Stability component for ByteChef. AI image generation. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Stability AI
---

Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: stability/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | API Key | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Image
Name: createImage

`Create an image using text-to-image models`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| model | Model | STRING | The model to use for image generation. | false |
| imageMessages | Messages | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(content), NUMBER\(weight)&#125;] </details> | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. | true |
| height | Height | INTEGER | Height of the image to generate, in pixels, in an increment divisible by 64. Engine-specific dimension validation applies. | true |
| width | Width | INTEGER | Width of the image to generate, in pixels, in an increment divisible by 64. Engine-specific dimension validation applies. | true |
| n | Number of Responses | INTEGER | The number of images to generate. Must be between 1 and 10. For dall-e-3, only n=1 is supported.. | false |
| responseFormat | Response format | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>URL</span>, <span>B64_JSON</span> </details> | The format in which the generated images are returned. | false |
| style | Style | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>THREE_D_MODEL</span>, <span>ANALOG_FILM</span>, <span>ANIME</span>, <span>CINEMATIC</span>, <span>COMIC_BOOK</span>, <span>DIGITAL_ART</span>, <span>ENHANCE</span>, <span>FANTASY_ART</span>, <span>ISOMETRIC</span>, <span>LINE_ART</span>, <span>LOW_POLY</span>, <span>MODELING_COMPOUND</span>, <span>NEON_PUNK</span>, <span>ORIGAMI</span>, <span>PHOTOGRAPHIC</span>, <span>PIXEL_ART</span>, <span>TILE_TEXTURE</span> </details> | Pass in a style preset to guide the image model towards a particular style. This list of style presets is subject to change. | false |
| steps | Steps | INTEGER | Number of diffusion steps to run. Valid range: 10 to 50. | false |
| cfgScale | CFG scale | NUMBER | The strictness level of the diffusion process adherence to the prompt text. Range: 0 to 35. | false |
| clipGuidancePreset | Clip guidance preset | STRING | Pass in a style preset to guide the image model towards a particular style. This list of style presets is subject to change. | false |
| sampler | Sampler | STRING | Which sampler to use for the diffusion process. If this value is omitted, an appropriate sampler will be automatically selected. | false |
| seed | Seed | NUMBER | Random noise seed (omit this option or use 0 for a random seed). Valid range: 0 to 4294967295. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Image",
  "name" : "createImage",
  "parameters" : {
    "model" : "",
    "imageMessages" : [ {
      "content" : "",
      "weight" : 0.0
    } ],
    "height" : 1,
    "width" : 1,
    "n" : 1,
    "responseFormat" : "",
    "style" : "",
    "steps" : 1,
    "cfgScale" : 0.0,
    "clipGuidancePreset" : "",
    "sampler" : "",
    "seed" : 0.0
  },
  "type" : "stability/v1/createImage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| url | STRING | URL of the generated image. |
| b64Json | STRING | Base64 encoded JSON of the generated image. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "url" : "",
  "b64Json" : ""
}
```
