docs/content/docs/reference/components/tavily_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Tavily"
description: "Tavily is an AI-powered search tool designed to help users quickly find accurate, relevant, and up-to-date information from the web."
---


Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: tavily/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

1. Login to the dashboard at https://www.tavily.com/.
2. You can use default API key. To create new API key, click on "+" sign.
3. Name your key and click Create.
4. Copy the API key. Use these credentials to create a connection in ByteChef.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
<iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/SoAkwnI4qTGu8Kqt1BS1?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Search
Name: search

`Execute a search query.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| query | Query | STRING | The search query to execute. | true |
| topic | Topic | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="General-purpose searches that may include a wide range of sources.">general</span>, <span title="Real-time updates.">news</span> </details> | The category of the search. | false |
| search_depth | Search Depth | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Provides generic content snippets from each source.">basic</span>, <span title="Retrieves the most relevant sources.">advanced</span> </details> | The depth of the search. | false |
| time_range | Time Range | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Results from the past 24 hours">day</span>, <span title="Results from the past 7 days">week</span>, <span title="Results from the past 30 days">month</span>, <span title="Results from the past 365 days">year</span> </details> | The time range back from the current date to filter results. | false |
| max_results | Max Results | INTEGER | The maximum number of search results to return. | false |
| include_answer | Include Answer | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Include an LLM-generated answer to the provided query. | false |
| include_images | Include Images | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Perform an image search and include the results in the response. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Search",
  "name" : "search",
  "parameters" : {
    "query" : "",
    "topic" : "",
    "search_depth" : "",
    "time_range" : "",
    "max_results" : 1,
    "include_answer" : false,
    "include_images" : false
  },
  "type" : "tavily/v1/search"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| query | STRING | The search query that was executed. |
| answer | STRING | A short answer to the user's query, generated by an LLM. Included in the response only if include_answer is requested. |
| images | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#125;] </details> | List of query-related images. |
| results | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(title), STRING\(url), STRING\(content), NUMBER\(score)&#125;] </details> | A list of sorted search results, ranked by relevancy. |
| response_time | NUMBER | Time in seconds it took to complete the request. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "query" : "",
  "answer" : "",
  "images" : [ { } ],
  "results" : [ {
    "title" : "",
    "url" : "",
    "content" : "",
    "score" : 0.0
  } ],
  "response_time" : 0.0
}
```




### Extract
Name: extract

`Extract web page content from one or more specified URLs.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| urls | URLs | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | A list of URLs to extract content from. | true |
| include_images | Include Images | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Include a list of images extracted from the URLs in the response. | false |
| extract_depth | Extract Depth | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Retrieves basic data.">basic</span>, <span title="Retrieves more data, including tables and embedded content.">advanced</span> </details> | The depth of the extraction process. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Extract",
  "name" : "extract",
  "parameters" : {
    "urls" : [ "" ],
    "include_images" : false,
    "extract_depth" : ""
  },
  "type" : "tavily/v1/extract"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| results | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(url), STRING\(raw_content), [STRING]\(images)&#125;] </details> | A list of extracted content from the provided URLs. |
| failed_results | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(url), STRING\(error)&#125;] </details> | A list of URLs that could not be processed. |
| response_time | NUMBER | Time in seconds it took to complete the request. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "results" : [ {
    "url" : "",
    "raw_content" : "",
    "images" : [ "" ]
  } ],
  "failed_results" : [ {
    "url" : "",
    "error" : ""
  } ],
  "response_time" : 0.0
}
```






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/tavily_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Tavily component for ByteChef. AI-powered search. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Tavily
---

Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: tavily/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Search
Name: search

`Execute a search query.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| query | Query | STRING | The search query to execute. | true |
| topic | Topic | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="General-purpose searches that may include a wide range of sources.">general</span>, <span title="Real-time updates.">news</span> </details> | The category of the search. | false |
| search_depth | Search Depth | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Provides generic content snippets from each source.">basic</span>, <span title="Retrieves the most relevant sources.">advanced</span> </details> | The depth of the search. | false |
| time_range | Time Range | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Results from the past 24 hours">day</span>, <span title="Results from the past 7 days">week</span>, <span title="Results from the past 30 days">month</span>, <span title="Results from the past 365 days">year</span> </details> | The time range back from the current date to filter results. | false |
| max_results | Max Results | INTEGER | The maximum number of search results to return. | false |
| include_answer | Include Answer | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Include an LLM-generated answer to the provided query. | false |
| include_images | Include Images | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Perform an image search and include the results in the response. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Search",
  "name" : "search",
  "parameters" : {
    "query" : "",
    "topic" : "",
    "search_depth" : "",
    "time_range" : "",
    "max_results" : 1,
    "include_answer" : false,
    "include_images" : false
  },
  "type" : "tavily/v1/search"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| query | STRING | The search query that was executed. |
| answer | STRING | A short answer to the user's query, generated by an LLM. Included in the response only if include_answer is requested. |
| images | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#125;] </details> | List of query-related images. |
| results | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(title), STRING\(url), STRING\(content), NUMBER\(score)&#125;] </details> | A list of sorted search results, ranked by relevancy. |
| response_time | NUMBER | Time in seconds it took to complete the request. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "query" : "",
  "answer" : "",
  "images" : [ { } ],
  "results" : [ {
    "title" : "",
    "url" : "",
    "content" : "",
    "score" : 0.0
  } ],
  "response_time" : 0.0
}
```


### Extract
Name: extract

`Extract web page content from one or more specified URLs.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| urls | URLs | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | A list of URLs to extract content from. | true |
| include_images | Include Images | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Include a list of images extracted from the URLs in the response. | false |
| extract_depth | Extract Depth | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="Retrieves basic data.">basic</span>, <span title="Retrieves more data, including tables and embedded content.">advanced</span> </details> | The depth of the extraction process. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Extract",
  "name" : "extract",
  "parameters" : {
    "urls" : [ "" ],
    "include_images" : false,
    "extract_depth" : ""
  },
  "type" : "tavily/v1/extract"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| results | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(url), STRING\(raw_content), [STRING]\(images)&#125;] </details> | A list of extracted content from the provided URLs. |
| failed_results | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(url), STRING\(error)&#125;] </details> | A list of URLs that could not be processed. |
| response_time | NUMBER | Time in seconds it took to complete the request. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "results" : [ {
    "url" : "",
    "raw_content" : "",
    "images" : [ "" ]
  } ],
  "failed_results" : [ {
    "url" : "",
    "error" : ""
  } ],
  "response_time" : 0.0
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

1. Login to the dashboard at https://www.tavily.com/.
2. You can use default API key. To create new API key, click on "+" sign.
3. Name your key and click Create.
4. Copy the API key. Use these credentials to create a connection in ByteChef.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
<iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/SoAkwnI4qTGu8Kqt1BS1?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>
