docs/content/docs/reference/components/typesense_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Typesense"
description: "Typesense is an open-source, in-memory search engine designed for fast, typo-tolerant, and relevance-focused full-text search across large datasets."
---


Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: typesense/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### custom

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| protocol | Protocol | STRING | HTTP Protocol | true |
| host | Host | STRING | Hostname | true |
| port | Port | STRING |  | true |
| apiKey | Typesense API Key | STRING | The API key for the Typesense API. | true |
| collection | Collection Name | STRING | The name of the collection to use. | true |
| embeddingDimension | Embedding Dimension | INTEGER | The dimension of the embeddings. | true |
| initializeSchema | Initialize Schema | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether to initialize the schema. | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Search Data
Name: search

`Query data from the vector store using LLM embeddings.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| query | Query | STRING | The query to be executed. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Search Data",
  "name" : "search",
  "parameters" : {
    "query" : ""
  },
  "type" : "typesense/v1/search"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Load Data
Name: load

`Loads data into the vector store using LLM embeddings.`

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Load Data",
  "name" : "load",
  "type" : "typesense/v1/load"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/typesense_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Typesense component for ByteChef. Search engine. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Typesense
---

Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: typesense/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### custom

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| protocol | Protocol | STRING | HTTP Protocol | true |
| host | Host | STRING | Hostname | true |
| port | Port | STRING |  | true |
| apiKey | Typesense API Key | STRING | The API key for the Typesense API. | true |
| collection | Collection Name | STRING | The name of the collection to use. | true |
| embeddingDimension | Embedding Dimension | INTEGER | The dimension of the embeddings. | true |
| initializeSchema | Initialize Schema | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether to initialize the schema. | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Search Data
Name: search

`Query data from the vector store using LLM embeddings.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| query | Query | STRING | The query to be executed. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Search Data",
  "name" : "search",
  "parameters" : {
    "query" : ""
  },
  "type" : "typesense/v1/search"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Load Data
Name: load

`Loads data into the vector store using LLM embeddings.`

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Load Data",
  "name" : "load",
  "type" : "typesense/v1/load"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.
