docs/content/docs/reference/components/var_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Var"
description: "Sets a value which can then be referenced in other tasks."
---


Categories: Helpers


Type: var/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Set Value
Name: set

`Assign value to a variable that can be used in the following steps.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| type | Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>ARRAY</span>, <span>BOOLEAN</span>, <span>DATE</span>, <span>DATE_TIME</span>, <span>INTEGER</span>, <span>NUMBER</span>, <span>OBJECT</span>, <span>STRING</span>, <span>TIME</span> </details> | The value type. | false |
| value | Value | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | DATE | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | DATE_TIME | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | INTEGER | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | NUMBER | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | STRING | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | TIME | Value of any type to set. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Set Value",
  "name" : "set",
  "parameters" : {
    "type" : "",
    "value" : "00:00:00"
  },
  "type" : "var/v1/set"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/var_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Variable component for ByteChef. Store dynamic values. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Variable (Var)
---

Categories: Helpers


Type: var/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Set Value
Name: set

`Assign value to a variable that can be used in the following steps.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| type | Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>ARRAY</span>, <span>BOOLEAN</span>, <span>DATE</span>, <span>DATE_TIME</span>, <span>INTEGER</span>, <span>NUMBER</span>, <span>OBJECT</span>, <span>STRING</span>, <span>TIME</span> </details> | The value type. | false |
| value | Value | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | DATE | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | DATE_TIME | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | INTEGER | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | NUMBER | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | STRING | Value of any type to set. | true |
| value | Value | TIME | Value of any type to set. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Set Value",
  "name" : "set",
  "parameters" : {
    "type" : "",
    "value" : "00:00:00"
  },
  "type" : "var/v1/set"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.
