docs/content/docs/reference/components/vbout_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Vbout"
description: "VBOUT is an AI-enabled marketing platform that helps businesses manage and streamline their digital marketing efforts."
---


Categories: Marketing Automation


Type: vbout/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| value | API Key | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Add Contact To List
Name: addContactToList

`Adds a contact to a selected email list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| listid | List ID | INTEGER | The ID of the list to assign this contact to. | true |
| email | Email | STRING | The email of the contact. | true |
| status | Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>active</span>, <span>disactive</span> </details> | The status of the contact. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Add Contact To List",
  "name" : "addContactToList",
  "parameters" : {
    "listid" : 1,
    "email" : "",
    "status" : ""
  },
  "type" : "vbout/v1/addContactToList"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Update Contact
Name: updateContact

`Updates a contact in a selected email list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| listid | List ID | STRING | The ID of the list with contact. | true |
| id | Contact ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> listid </details> | The ID of the contact. | true |
| email | Email | STRING | The updated email of the contact. | false |
| status | Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>active</span>, <span>disactive</span> </details> | The updated status of the contact. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Contact",
  "name" : "updateContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "listid" : "",
    "id" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "status" : ""
  },
  "type" : "vbout/v1/updateContact"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Create Email Marketing Campaign
Name: createEmailMarketingCampaign

`Creates a new email campaign for specific list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| name | Name | STRING | The name of the campaign. | true |
| subject | Subject | STRING | The subject line for the campaign. | true |
| fromemail | From Mail | STRING | The from email of the campaign. | true |
| from_name | From Name | STRING | The from name of the campaign. | true |
| reply_to | Reply To | STRING | The reply to email of the campaign. | true |
| body | Body | STRING | Message body. | true |
| type | Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>standard</span>, <span>automated</span> </details> | The type of the campaign. | false |
| isscheduled | Is Scheduled | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | The flag to schedule the campaign for the future. | false |
| scheduled_datetime | Scheduled Date | DATE | The date to schedule the campaign. | false |
| isdraft | Is Draft | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | The flag to set the campaign to draft. | false |
| lists | Lists | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | IDs of list campaign recipients. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Email Marketing Campaign",
  "name" : "createEmailMarketingCampaign",
  "parameters" : {
    "name" : "",
    "subject" : "",
    "fromemail" : "",
    "from_name" : "",
    "reply_to" : "",
    "body" : "",
    "type" : "",
    "isscheduled" : false,
    "scheduled_datetime" : "2021-01-01",
    "isdraft" : false,
    "lists" : [ "" ]
  },
  "type" : "vbout/v1/createEmailMarketingCampaign"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Add Tag To Contact
Name: addTagToContact

`Adds the tag to the contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| email | Email | STRING | The email of the contact. | true |
| tagname | Tag Name | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Tag(s) to be added. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Add Tag To Contact",
  "name" : "addTagToContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "email" : "",
    "tagname" : [ "" ]
  },
  "type" : "vbout/v1/addTagToContact"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Create Email List
Name: createEmailList

`Creates a new email list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| name | Name | STRING | The name of the list. | true |
| email_subject | Email Subject | STRING | The default subscription subject. | false |
| reply_to | Reply To | STRING | The reply to email of the list. | false |
| fromemail | From Mail | STRING | The from email of the list. | false |
| from_name | From Name | STRING | The from name of the list. | false |
| notify_email | Notify Email | STRING | Notification email. | false |
| success_email | Success Email | STRING | Subscription success email. | false |
| success_message | Success Message | STRING | Subscription success message. | false |
| error_message | Error Message | STRING | Subscription error message. | false |
| confirmation_email | Confirmation Email | STRING | Confirmation email. | false |
| confirmation_message | Confirmation Message | STRING | Confirmation message. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Email List",
  "name" : "createEmailList",
  "parameters" : {
    "name" : "",
    "email_subject" : "",
    "reply_to" : "",
    "fromemail" : "",
    "from_name" : "",
    "notify_email" : "",
    "success_email" : "",
    "success_message" : "",
    "error_message" : "",
    "confirmation_email" : "",
    "confirmation_message" : ""
  },
  "type" : "vbout/v1/createEmailList"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






### Create Social Media Message
Name: createSocialMediaMessage

`Post a message to one of your social media channel.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| message | Message | STRING | The post message to be sent. | true |
| channel | Channel | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>facebook</span>, <span>twitter</span>, <span>linkedin</span> </details> | The channel which the post will be sent to. | true |
| channel_id | Social Media Account | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> channel </details> | The social media account which will create the post. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Social Media Message",
  "name" : "createSocialMediaMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "message" : "",
    "channel" : "",
    "channel_id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "vbout/v1/createSocialMediaMessage"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.








## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/vbout_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "VBOUT component for ByteChef. Marketing automation. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Vbout
---

Categories: Marketing Automation


Type: vbout/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| value | API Key | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Add Contact To List
Name: addContactToList

`Adds a contact to a selected email list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| listid | List ID | INTEGER | The ID of the list to assign this contact to. | true |
| email | Email | STRING | The email of the contact. | true |
| status | Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>active</span>, <span>disactive</span> </details> | The status of the contact. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Add Contact To List",
  "name" : "addContactToList",
  "parameters" : {
    "listid" : 1,
    "email" : "",
    "status" : ""
  },
  "type" : "vbout/v1/addContactToList"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Update Contact
Name: updateContact

`Updates a contact in a selected email list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| listid | List ID | STRING | The ID of the list with contact. | true |
| id | Contact ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> listid </details> | The ID of the contact. | true |
| email | Email | STRING | The updated email of the contact. | false |
| status | Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>active</span>, <span>disactive</span> </details> | The updated status of the contact. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Contact",
  "name" : "updateContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "listid" : "",
    "id" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "status" : ""
  },
  "type" : "vbout/v1/updateContact"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Create Email Marketing Campaign
Name: createEmailMarketingCampaign

`Creates a new email campaign for specific list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| name | Name | STRING | The name of the campaign. | true |
| subject | Subject | STRING | The subject line for the campaign. | true |
| fromemail | From Mail | STRING | The from email of the campaign. | true |
| from_name | From Name | STRING | The from name of the campaign. | true |
| reply_to | Reply To | STRING | The reply to email of the campaign. | true |
| body | Body | STRING | Message body. | true |
| type | Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>standard</span>, <span>automated</span> </details> | The type of the campaign. | false |
| isscheduled | Is Scheduled | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | The flag to schedule the campaign for the future. | false |
| scheduled_datetime | Scheduled Date | DATE | The date to schedule the campaign. | false |
| isdraft | Is Draft | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | The flag to set the campaign to draft. | false |
| lists | Lists | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | IDs of list campaign recipients. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Email Marketing Campaign",
  "name" : "createEmailMarketingCampaign",
  "parameters" : {
    "name" : "",
    "subject" : "",
    "fromemail" : "",
    "from_name" : "",
    "reply_to" : "",
    "body" : "",
    "type" : "",
    "isscheduled" : false,
    "scheduled_datetime" : "2021-01-01",
    "isdraft" : false,
    "lists" : [ "" ]
  },
  "type" : "vbout/v1/createEmailMarketingCampaign"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Add Tag To Contact
Name: addTagToContact

`Adds the tag to the contact.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| email | Email | STRING | The email of the contact. | true |
| tagname | Tag Name | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Tag(s) to be added. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Add Tag To Contact",
  "name" : "addTagToContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "email" : "",
    "tagname" : [ "" ]
  },
  "type" : "vbout/v1/addTagToContact"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Create Email List
Name: createEmailList

`Creates a new email list.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| name | Name | STRING | The name of the list. | true |
| email_subject | Email Subject | STRING | The default subscription subject. | false |
| reply_to | Reply To | STRING | The reply to email of the list. | false |
| fromemail | From Mail | STRING | The from email of the list. | false |
| from_name | From Name | STRING | The from name of the list. | false |
| notify_email | Notify Email | STRING | Notification email. | false |
| success_email | Success Email | STRING | Subscription success email. | false |
| success_message | Success Message | STRING | Subscription success message. | false |
| error_message | Error Message | STRING | Subscription error message. | false |
| confirmation_email | Confirmation Email | STRING | Confirmation email. | false |
| confirmation_message | Confirmation Message | STRING | Confirmation message. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Email List",
  "name" : "createEmailList",
  "parameters" : {
    "name" : "",
    "email_subject" : "",
    "reply_to" : "",
    "fromemail" : "",
    "from_name" : "",
    "notify_email" : "",
    "success_email" : "",
    "success_message" : "",
    "error_message" : "",
    "confirmation_email" : "",
    "confirmation_message" : ""
  },
  "type" : "vbout/v1/createEmailList"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.




### Create Social Media Message
Name: createSocialMediaMessage

`Post a message to one of your social media channel.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| message | Message | STRING | The post message to be sent. | true |
| channel | Channel | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>facebook</span>, <span>twitter</span>, <span>linkedin</span> </details> | The channel which the post will be sent to. | true |
| channel_id | Social Media Account | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> channel </details> | The social media account which will create the post. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Social Media Message",
  "name" : "createSocialMediaMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "message" : "",
    "channel" : "",
    "channel_id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "vbout/v1/createSocialMediaMessage"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.
