docs/content/docs/reference/components/vertex-gemini_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Vertex AI Gemini"
description: "Vertex AI is a fully-managed, unified AI development platform for building and using generative AI."
---


Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: vertexGemini/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| projectId | Project Id | STRING | Google Cloud Platform project ID | true |
| location | Location | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>asia-east1</span>, <span>asia-east2</span>, <span>asia-northeast1</span>, <span>asia-northeast3</span>, <span>asia-south1</span>, <span>asia-southeast1</span>, <span>australia-southeast1</span>, <span>europe-central2</span>, <span>europe-north1</span>, <span>europe-southwest1</span>, <span>europe-west1</span>, <span>europe-west2</span>, <span>europe-west3</span>, <span>europe-west4</span>, <span>europe-west6</span>, <span>europe-west8</span>, <span>europe-west9</span>, <span>me-central1</span>, <span>me-central2</span>, <span>me-west1</span>, <span>northamerica-northeast1</span>, <span>southamerica-east1</span>, <span>us-central1</span>, <span>us-east1</span>, <span>us-east4</span>, <span>us-east5</span>, <span>us-south1</span>, <span>us-west1</span>, <span>us-west4</span> </details> | Region | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Ask Gemini
Name: ask

`Ask anything you want.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>gemini-1.5-flash-002</span>, <span>gemini-1.5-pro-002</span>, <span>gemini-2.0-flash</span>, <span>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</span>, <span>gemini-2.5-flash-preview-04-17</span>, <span>gemini-2.5-pro-preview-05-06</span> </details> | ID of the model to use. | true |
| format | Format | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="User prompt and optional system prompt.">SIMPLE</span>, <span title="Full control over the messages sent to the model.">ADVANCED</span> </details> | Format of providing the prompt to the model. | true |
| userPrompt | Prompt | STRING | User prompt to the model. | true |
| systemPrompt | System Prompt | STRING | System prompt to the model. | false |
| attachments | Attachments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [FILE_ENTRY] </details> | Only text and image files are supported. Also, only certain models supports images. Please check the documentation. | false |
| messages | Messages | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(role), STRING\(content), [FILE_ENTRY]\(attachments)&#125;] </details> | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. | true |
| response | Response | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(responseFormat), STRING\(responseSchema)&#125; </details> | The response from the API. | true |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| n | Candidate Count | INTEGER | The number of generated response messages to return. This value must be between [1, 8], inclusive. Defaults to 1. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |
| topP | Top P | NUMBER | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling,  where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered. | false |
| topK | Top K | INTEGER | Specify the number of token choices the generative uses to generate the next token. | false |
| stop | Stop | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Up to 4 sequences where the API will stop generating further tokens. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Ask Gemini",
  "name" : "ask",
  "parameters" : {
    "model" : "",
    "format" : "",
    "userPrompt" : "",
    "systemPrompt" : "",
    "attachments" : [ {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    } ],
    "messages" : [ {
      "role" : "",
      "content" : "",
      "attachments" : [ {
        "extension" : "",
        "mimeType" : "",
        "name" : "",
        "url" : ""
      } ]
    } ],
    "response" : {
      "responseFormat" : "",
      "responseSchema" : ""
    },
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "n" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0,
    "topP" : 0.0,
    "topK" : 1,
    "stop" : [ "" ]
  },
  "type" : "vertexGemini/v1/ask"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/vertex-gemini_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Vertex AI Gemini component for ByteChef. Integrate Google's Gemini AI for intelligent automation and analysis."
title: Vertex AI Gemini
---

Categories: Artificial Intelligence


Type: vertexGemini/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| projectId | Project Id | STRING | Google Cloud Platform project ID | true |
| location | Location | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>asia-east1</span>, <span>asia-east2</span>, <span>asia-northeast1</span>, <span>asia-northeast3</span>, <span>asia-south1</span>, <span>asia-southeast1</span>, <span>australia-southeast1</span>, <span>europe-central2</span>, <span>europe-north1</span>, <span>europe-southwest1</span>, <span>europe-west1</span>, <span>europe-west2</span>, <span>europe-west3</span>, <span>europe-west4</span>, <span>europe-west6</span>, <span>europe-west8</span>, <span>europe-west9</span>, <span>me-central1</span>, <span>me-central2</span>, <span>me-west1</span>, <span>northamerica-northeast1</span>, <span>southamerica-east1</span>, <span>us-central1</span>, <span>us-east1</span>, <span>us-east4</span>, <span>us-east5</span>, <span>us-south1</span>, <span>us-west1</span>, <span>us-west4</span> </details> | Region | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Ask Gemini
Name: ask

`Ask anything you want.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| model | Model | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>gemini-1.5-flash-002</span>, <span>gemini-1.5-pro-002</span>, <span>gemini-2.0-flash</span>, <span>gemini-2.0-flash-lite</span>, <span>gemini-2.5-flash-preview-04-17</span>, <span>gemini-2.5-pro-preview-05-06</span> </details> | ID of the model to use. | true |
| format | Format | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span title="User prompt and optional system prompt.">SIMPLE</span>, <span title="Full control over the messages sent to the model.">ADVANCED</span> </details> | Format of providing the prompt to the model. | true |
| userPrompt | Prompt | STRING | User prompt to the model. | true |
| systemPrompt | System Prompt | STRING | System prompt to the model. | false |
| attachments | Attachments | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [FILE_ENTRY] </details> | Only text and image files are supported. Also, only certain models supports images. Please check the documentation. | false |
| messages | Messages | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(role), STRING\(content), [FILE_ENTRY]\(attachments)&#125;] </details> | A list of messages comprising the conversation so far. | true |
| response | Response | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(responseFormat), STRING\(responseSchema)&#125; </details> | The response from the API. | true |
| maxTokens | Max Tokens | INTEGER | The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion. | false |
| n | Candidate Count | INTEGER | The number of generated response messages to return. This value must be between [1, 8], inclusive. Defaults to 1. | false |
| temperature | Temperature | NUMBER | Controls randomness:  Higher values will make the output more random, while lower values like will make it more focused and deterministic. | false |
| topP | Top P | NUMBER | An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling,  where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered. | false |
| topK | Top K | INTEGER | Specify the number of token choices the generative uses to generate the next token. | false |
| stop | Stop | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Up to 4 sequences where the API will stop generating further tokens. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Ask Gemini",
  "name" : "ask",
  "parameters" : {
    "model" : "",
    "format" : "",
    "userPrompt" : "",
    "systemPrompt" : "",
    "attachments" : [ {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    } ],
    "messages" : [ {
      "role" : "",
      "content" : "",
      "attachments" : [ {
        "extension" : "",
        "mimeType" : "",
        "name" : "",
        "url" : ""
      } ]
    } ],
    "response" : {
      "responseFormat" : "",
      "responseSchema" : ""
    },
    "maxTokens" : 1,
    "n" : 1,
    "temperature" : 0.0,
    "topP" : 0.0,
    "topK" : 1,
    "stop" : [ "" ]
  },
  "type" : "vertexGemini/v1/ask"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.
