docs/content/docs/reference/components/whatsapp_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "WhatsApp"
description: "WhatsApp is a free-to-use messaging app offering end-to-end encrypted chat, voice, and video communication, along with document and media sharing, available on multiple platforms."
---


Categories: Communication


Type: whatsApp/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### WhatsApp Custom Authorization

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| systemUserAccessToken | System user access token | STRING |  | true |
| phoneNumberId | Phone number ID | STRING |  | true |




## Connection Setup

To Obtain a Phone Number ID and a Permanent System User Access Token, follow these steps:

1. Go to https://developers.facebook.com/
2. Make a new app, Select Other for use-case.
3. Choose Business as the type of app.
4. Add new Product > WhatsApp.
5. Navigate to WhatsApp Settings > API Setup.
6. Copy the Business Account ID.
7. Login to your [Meta Business Manager](https://business.facebook.com/).
8. Click on Settings.
9. Create a new System User with access over the app and copy the access token.



<hr />


## Actions


### Send Message
Name: sendMessage

`Send a message via WhatsApp`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| body | Message | STRING | Message to send via WhatsApp | true |
| to | Send Message To | STRING | Phone number to send the message. It must start with "+" sign | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Message",
  "name" : "sendMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "body" : "",
    "to" : ""
  },
  "type" : "whatsApp/v1/sendMessage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| messaging_product | STRING |  |
| contacts | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(input), STRING\(wa_id)&#125; </details> |  |
| messages | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "messaging_product" : "",
  "contacts" : {
    "input" : "",
    "wa_id" : ""
  },
  "messages" : {
    "id" : ""
  }
}
```





## Triggers


### Message Received
Name: messageReceived

`Triggers when you get a new message from certain number.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| senderNumber | Sender Number | STRING | Type in the number from whom you want to trigger | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| object | STRING |  |
| entry | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), &#123;&#123;STRING\(messaging_product), &#123;STRING\(display_phone_number), STRING\(phone_number_id)&#125;\(metadata)&#125;\(value), &#123;&#123;STRING\(name)&#125;\(profile), STRING\(wa_id)&#125;\(contacts), &#123;STRING\(from), STRING\(id), STRING\(timestamp), &#123;STRING\(body)&#125;\(text)&#125;\(messages)&#125;\(changes)&#125; </details> |  |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Message Received",
  "name" : "messageReceived",
  "parameters" : {
    "senderNumber" : ""
  },
  "type" : "whatsApp/v1/messageReceived"
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/whatsapp_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "WhatsApp component for ByteChef. Messaging platform. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: WhatsApp
---

Categories: Communication


Type: whatsApp/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### WhatsApp Custom Authorization

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| systemUserAccessToken | System user access token | STRING |  | true |
| phoneNumberId | Phone number ID | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Send Message
Name: sendMessage

`Send a message via WhatsApp`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| body | Message | STRING | Message to send via WhatsApp | true |
| to | Send Message To | STRING | Phone number to send the message. It must start with "+" sign | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Send Message",
  "name" : "sendMessage",
  "parameters" : {
    "body" : "",
    "to" : ""
  },
  "type" : "whatsApp/v1/sendMessage"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| messaging_product | STRING |  |
| contacts | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(input), STRING\(wa_id)&#125; </details> |  |
| messages | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "messaging_product" : "",
  "contacts" : {
    "input" : "",
    "wa_id" : ""
  },
  "messages" : {
    "id" : ""
  }
}
```



## Triggers


### Message Received
Name: messageReceived

`Triggers when you get a new message from certain number.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| senderNumber | Sender Number | STRING | Type in the number from whom you want to trigger | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| object | STRING |  |
| entry | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), &#123;&#123;STRING\(messaging_product), &#123;STRING\(display_phone_number), STRING\(phone_number_id)&#125;\(metadata)&#125;\(value), &#123;&#123;STRING\(name)&#125;\(profile), STRING\(wa_id)&#125;\(contacts), &#123;STRING\(from), STRING\(id), STRING\(timestamp), &#123;STRING\(body)&#125;\(text)&#125;\(messages)&#125;\(changes)&#125; </details> |  |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Message Received",
  "name" : "messageReceived",
  "parameters" : {
    "senderNumber" : ""
  },
  "type" : "whatsApp/v1/messageReceived"
}
```




<hr />

# Additional Instructions


## Connection Setup

To Obtain a Phone Number ID and a Permanent System User Access Token, follow these steps:

1. Go to https://developers.facebook.com/
2. Make a new app, Select Other for use-case.
3. Choose Business as the type of app.
4. Add new Product > WhatsApp.
5. Navigate to WhatsApp Settings > API Setup.
6. Copy the Business Account ID.
7. Login to your [Meta Business Manager](https://business.facebook.com/).
8. Click on Settings.
9. Create a new System User with access over the app and copy the access token.
