docs/content/docs/reference/components/wolfram-alpha-shortanswers_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Wolfram Alpha Short Answers"
description: "Wolfram Alpha Short Answers returns a single plain text result as an answer to your query."
---


Categories: Helpers


Type: wolfram-alpha-shortanswers/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| key | Key | STRING |  | true |
| value | App ID | STRING |  | true |
| addTo | Add to | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

### Find App ID

1. Navigate to your dashboard.
2. Click this icon.
3. Click on **Developer (API)**.
4. Click on **Get an App ID**.
5. Enter name, description and API. Select **DullResults API** or **Short Answers API** depending on which API you want to use.
6. Click on **Submit**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/d97ef559-0f4e-41e9-9fb1-26886d731a32?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Get Short Answer
Name: getShortAnswer

`Returns a short answer for your query.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| i | Query | STRING | Query that will be answered. | true |
| units | Units | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>metric</span>, <span>imperial</span> </details> | What system of units to use for measurements and quantities. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Short Answer",
  "name" : "getShortAnswer",
  "parameters" : {
    "i" : "",
    "units" : ""
  },
  "type" : "wolfram-alpha-shortanswers/v1/getShortAnswer"
}
```

#### Output



Type: STRING

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/wolfram-alpha-shortanswers_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Wolfram Alpha Short Answers component. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Wolfram Alpha Short Answers
---

Categories: Helpers


Type: wolfram-alpha-shortanswers/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| key | Key | STRING |  | true |
| value | App ID | STRING |  | true |
| addTo | Add to | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Get Short Answer
Name: getShortAnswer

`Returns a short answer for your query.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| i | Query | STRING | Query that will be answered. | true |
| units | Units | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>metric</span>, <span>imperial</span> </details> | What system of units to use for measurements and quantities. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Short Answer",
  "name" : "getShortAnswer",
  "parameters" : {
    "i" : "",
    "units" : ""
  },
  "type" : "wolfram-alpha-shortanswers/v1/getShortAnswer"
}
```

#### Output



Type: STRING










<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Find App ID

1. Navigate to your dashboard.
2. Click this icon.
3. Click on **Developer (API)**.
4. Click on **Get an App ID**.
5. Enter name, description and API. Select **DullResults API** or **Short Answers API** depending on which API you want to use.
6. Click on **Submit**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/d97ef559-0f4e-41e9-9fb1-26886d731a32?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>
