docs/content/docs/reference/components/wolfram-alpha-full-results_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Wolfram Alpha Full Results"
description: "Wolfram Alpha Full Results returns the computed results of your query in a variety of formats."
---


Categories: Helpers


Type: wolfram-alpha-full-results/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| key | Key | STRING |  | true |
| value | App ID | STRING |  | true |
| addTo | Add to | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

### Find App ID

1. Navigate to your dashboard.
2. Click this icon.
3. Click on **Developer (API)**.
4. Click on **Get an App ID**.
5. Enter name, description and API. Select **DullResults API** or **Short Answers API** depending on which API you want to use.
6. Click on **Submit**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/d97ef559-0f4e-41e9-9fb1-26886d731a32?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Get Full Result
Name: getFullResult

`Returns a full result of your query.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| input | Query | STRING | Query that will be answered. | true |
| format | Format | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | The desired format for individual result pods. | false |
| output | Output | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>xml</span>, <span>json</span> </details> | The desired format for full results. | false |
| ip | IP | STRING | Specifies a custom query location based on an IP address. | false |
| mag | Magnification | STRING | Specify magnification of objects within a pod. | false |
| units | Units | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>metric</span>, <span>imperial</span> </details> | What system of units to use for measurements and quantities. | false |
| width | Width | STRING | Specify an approximate width limit for text and tables. | false |
| scanner | Scanner | STRING | Specifies that only pods produced by the given scanner should be returned. e.g. "Numeric", "Data", "Traveling". | false |
| latlong | Latitude Longitude | STRING | Specifies a custom query location based on a latitude/longitude pair. e.g. "40.42,-3.71", "40.11, -88.24", "0,0". | false |
| location | Location | STRING | Specifies a custom query location based on a string. e.g. "The North Pole", "Beijing". | false |
| maxwidth | Max Width | STRING | Specify an extended maximum width for large objects. | false |
| podstate | Pod State | STRING | Specifies a pod state change, which replaces a pod with a modified version, such as displaying more digits of a large decimal value. e.g. "WeatherCharts:WeatherData__Past+5+years", "2@DecimalApproximation__More+digits". | false |
| podtitle | Pod Title | STRING | Specifies a pod title to include in the result. e.g. "Basic+Information", "Image", "Alternative representations". | false |
| assumption | Assumption | STRING | Specifies an assumption, such as the meaning of a word or the value of a formula variable. e.g. "*C.pi-_*Movie", "DateOrder_**Day.Month.Year--". | false |
| plotwidth | Plot Width | STRING | Specify an approximate width limit for plots and graphics. e.g. "100", "200". | false |
| ignorecase | Ignore Case | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Force Wolfram Alpha to ignore case in queries. | false |
| podtimeout | Pod Timeout | STRING | The number of seconds to allow Wolfram Alpha to spend in the "format" stage for any one pod e.g. "0.5", "5.0". | false |
| reinterpret | Reinterpret | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Allow Wolfram Alpha to reinterpret queries that would otherwise not be understood. | false |
| translation | Translation | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Allow Wolfram Alpha to try to translate simple queries into English. | false |
| scantimeout | Scan Timeout | STRING | The number of seconds to allow Wolfram Alpha to compute results in the "scan" stage of processing. e.g. "0.5", "5.0". | false |
| parsetimeout | Parse Timeout | STRING | The number of seconds to allow Wolfram Alpha to spend in the "parsing" stage of processing. e.g. "0.5", "5.0". | false |
| totaltimeout | Total Timeout | STRING | The total number of seconds to allow Wolfram Alpha to spend on a query. e.g. "0.5", "5.0". | false |
| excludepodid | Exclude Pod ID | STRING | Specifies a pod ID to exclude from the result e.g. "Result", "BasicInformation: PeopleData", "DecimalApproximation". | false |
| formattimeout | Format Timeout | STRING | The number of seconds to allow Wolfram Alpha to spend in the "format" stage for the entire collection of pods. e.g. "0.5", "5.0". | false |
| includepodid | Include Pod ID | STRING | Specifies a pod ID to include in the result e.g. "Result", "BasicInformation: PeopleData", "DecimalApproximation". | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Full Result",
  "name" : "getFullResult",
  "parameters" : {
    "input" : "",
    "format" : [ "" ],
    "output" : "",
    "ip" : "",
    "mag" : "",
    "units" : "",
    "width" : "",
    "scanner" : "",
    "latlong" : "",
    "location" : "",
    "maxwidth" : "",
    "podstate" : "",
    "podtitle" : "",
    "assumption" : "",
    "plotwidth" : "",
    "ignorecase" : false,
    "podtimeout" : "",
    "reinterpret" : false,
    "translation" : false,
    "scantimeout" : "",
    "parsetimeout" : "",
    "totaltimeout" : "",
    "excludepodid" : "",
    "formattimeout" : "",
    "includepodid" : ""
  },
  "type" : "wolfram-alpha-full-results/v1/getFullResult"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/wolfram-alpha-full-results_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Wolfram Alpha component. Computational knowledge engine. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Wolfram Alpha Full Results
---

Categories: Helpers


Type: wolfram-alpha-full-results/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### API Key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| key | Key | STRING |  | true |
| value | App ID | STRING |  | true |
| addTo | Add to | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Get Full Result
Name: getFullResult

`Returns a full result of your query.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| input | Query | STRING | Query that will be answered. | true |
| format | Format | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | The desired format for individual result pods. | false |
| output | Output | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>xml</span>, <span>json</span> </details> | The desired format for full results. | false |
| ip | IP | STRING | Specifies a custom query location based on an IP address. | false |
| mag | Magnification | STRING | Specify magnification of objects within a pod. | false |
| units | Units | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>metric</span>, <span>imperial</span> </details> | What system of units to use for measurements and quantities. | false |
| width | Width | STRING | Specify an approximate width limit for text and tables. | false |
| scanner | Scanner | STRING | Specifies that only pods produced by the given scanner should be returned. e.g. "Numeric", "Data", "Traveling". | false |
| latlong | Latitude Longitude | STRING | Specifies a custom query location based on a latitude/longitude pair. e.g. "40.42,-3.71", "40.11, -88.24", "0,0". | false |
| location | Location | STRING | Specifies a custom query location based on a string. e.g. "The North Pole", "Beijing". | false |
| maxwidth | Max Width | STRING | Specify an extended maximum width for large objects. | false |
| podstate | Pod State | STRING | Specifies a pod state change, which replaces a pod with a modified version, such as displaying more digits of a large decimal value. e.g. "WeatherCharts:WeatherData__Past+5+years", "2@DecimalApproximation__More+digits". | false |
| podtitle | Pod Title | STRING | Specifies a pod title to include in the result. e.g. "Basic+Information", "Image", "Alternative representations". | false |
| assumption | Assumption | STRING | Specifies an assumption, such as the meaning of a word or the value of a formula variable. e.g. "*C.pi-_*Movie", "DateOrder_**Day.Month.Year--". | false |
| plotwidth | Plot Width | STRING | Specify an approximate width limit for plots and graphics. e.g. "100", "200". | false |
| ignorecase | Ignore Case | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Force Wolfram Alpha to ignore case in queries. | false |
| podtimeout | Pod Timeout | STRING | The number of seconds to allow Wolfram Alpha to spend in the "format" stage for any one pod e.g. "0.5", "5.0". | false |
| reinterpret | Reinterpret | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Allow Wolfram Alpha to reinterpret queries that would otherwise not be understood. | false |
| translation | Translation | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Allow Wolfram Alpha to try to translate simple queries into English. | false |
| scantimeout | Scan Timeout | STRING | The number of seconds to allow Wolfram Alpha to compute results in the "scan" stage of processing. e.g. "0.5", "5.0". | false |
| parsetimeout | Parse Timeout | STRING | The number of seconds to allow Wolfram Alpha to spend in the "parsing" stage of processing. e.g. "0.5", "5.0". | false |
| totaltimeout | Total Timeout | STRING | The total number of seconds to allow Wolfram Alpha to spend on a query. e.g. "0.5", "5.0". | false |
| excludepodid | Exclude Pod ID | STRING | Specifies a pod ID to exclude from the result e.g. "Result", "BasicInformation: PeopleData", "DecimalApproximation". | false |
| formattimeout | Format Timeout | STRING | The number of seconds to allow Wolfram Alpha to spend in the "format" stage for the entire collection of pods. e.g. "0.5", "5.0". | false |
| includepodid | Include Pod ID | STRING | Specifies a pod ID to include in the result e.g. "Result", "BasicInformation: PeopleData", "DecimalApproximation". | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Get Full Result",
  "name" : "getFullResult",
  "parameters" : {
    "input" : "",
    "format" : [ "" ],
    "output" : "",
    "ip" : "",
    "mag" : "",
    "units" : "",
    "width" : "",
    "scanner" : "",
    "latlong" : "",
    "location" : "",
    "maxwidth" : "",
    "podstate" : "",
    "podtitle" : "",
    "assumption" : "",
    "plotwidth" : "",
    "ignorecase" : false,
    "podtimeout" : "",
    "reinterpret" : false,
    "translation" : false,
    "scantimeout" : "",
    "parsetimeout" : "",
    "totaltimeout" : "",
    "excludepodid" : "",
    "formattimeout" : "",
    "includepodid" : ""
  },
  "type" : "wolfram-alpha-full-results/v1/getFullResult"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Find App ID

1. Navigate to your dashboard.
2. Click this icon.
3. Click on **Developer (API)**.
4. Click on **Get an App ID**.
5. Enter name, description and API. Select **DullResults API** or **Short Answers API** depending on which API you want to use.
6. Click on **Submit**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/d97ef559-0f4e-41e9-9fb1-26886d731a32?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>
