docs/content/docs/reference/components/wrike_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Wrike"
description: "Wrike's Powerful Project Management Software Provides Users with Enterprise-Level Security."
---


Categories: Project Management


Type: wrike/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### oauth2_authorization_code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client ID | STRING | Client ID of your Wrike app. | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING | Client Secret of your Wrike app. | true |



## Connection Setup

### Find REST API Key

1. Navigate to your dashboard.
2. Click your account icon.
3. Click on **Settings**.
4. Click on **Profile**.
5. Scroll down and click on **Open Apps & Integrations**.
6. Click on **+App**.
7. Enter name of your application and below you can see your OAuth credentials.
8. Enter a redirect URI, e.g., http://127.0.0.1:5173/callback, https://app.bytechef.io/callback.
9. Click on **Save**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/2805cbf0-e254-41c9-a7ad-ed1dc38c5d8c?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Create Comment
Name: createComment

`Create a comment in a folder or in a task.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| parent | Parent | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>folders</span>, <span>tasks</span> </details> | Choose whether the comment will be added to a task or to a folder. | true |
| parentId | Parent ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> parent </details> | ID of the parent folder or the parent task. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | Comment text. | true |
| plainText | Plain Text | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the comment will be treated as plain text or as HTML. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Comment",
  "name" : "createComment",
  "parameters" : {
    "parent" : "",
    "parentId" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "plainText" : false
  },
  "type" : "wrike/v1/createComment"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| kind | STRING | Kind of the object that was created. |
| data | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(authorId), STRING\(text), STRING\(updatedDate), STRING\(createdDate), STRING\(parentId), []\(attachmentIds)&#125;] </details> | Data of the object that was created. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "kind" : "",
  "data" : [ {
    "id" : "",
    "authorId" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "updatedDate" : "",
    "createdDate" : "",
    "parentId" : "",
    "attachmentIds" : [ ]
  } ]
}
```




### Create Folder
Name: createFolder

`Create a folder.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| parentId | Parent ID | STRING | ID of the parent folder. | true |
| title | Title | STRING | The title of the folder. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Folder",
  "name" : "createFolder",
  "parameters" : {
    "parentId" : "",
    "title" : ""
  },
  "type" : "wrike/v1/createFolder"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| kind | STRING | Kind of the object that was created. |
| data | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(accountId), STRING\(title), STRING\(createdDate), STRING\(updatedDate), STRING\(description), [STRING\($sharedId)]\(sharedIds), [STRING\($parentId)]\(parentIds), [STRING\($childId)]\(childIds), [STRING\($superParentId)]\(superParentIds), STRING\(scope), BOOLEAN\(hasAttachments), STRING\(permalink), STRING\(workflowId), []\(metadata), []\(customFields)&#125;] </details> | Data of the object that was created. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "kind" : "",
  "data" : [ {
    "id" : "",
    "accountId" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "createdDate" : "",
    "updatedDate" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "sharedIds" : [ "" ],
    "parentIds" : [ "" ],
    "childIds" : [ "" ],
    "superParentIds" : [ "" ],
    "scope" : "",
    "hasAttachments" : false,
    "permalink" : "",
    "workflowId" : "",
    "metadata" : [ ],
    "customFields" : [ ]
  } ]
}
```




### Create Project
Name: createProject

`Create a project.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| parentId | Parent ID | STRING | ID of the parent folder. | true |
| title | Title | STRING | The title of the project. | true |
| description | Description | STRING | The description of the project. | false |
| startDate | Start Date | DATE | The start date of the project. | false |
| endDate | End Date | DATE | The end date of the project. | false |
| contractType | Contract Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Billable</span>, <span>NonBillable</span> </details> | The contract type of the project. | false |
| ownerIds | Owner IDs | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | List of project owner IDs. | false |
| budget | Budget | INTEGER | The budget of the project. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Project",
  "name" : "createProject",
  "parameters" : {
    "parentId" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "startDate" : "2021-01-01",
    "endDate" : "2021-01-01",
    "contractType" : "",
    "ownerIds" : [ "" ],
    "budget" : 1
  },
  "type" : "wrike/v1/createProject"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| kind | STRING | Kind of the object that was created. |
| data | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(accountId), STRING\(title), STRING\(createdDate), STRING\(updatedDate), STRING\(description), [STRING\($sharedId)]\(sharedIds), [STRING\($parentId)]\(parentIds), [STRING\($childId)]\(childIds), [STRING\($superParentId)]\(superParentIds), STRING\(scope), BOOLEAN\(hasAttachments), STRING\(permalink), STRING\(workflowId), []\(metadata), []\(customFields), &#123;STRING\(authorId), [STRING\($ownerId)]\(ownerIds), STRING\(customStatusId), STRING\(startDate), STRING\(endDate), STRING\(createdDate)&#125;\(project)&#125;] </details> | Data of the object that was created. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "kind" : "",
  "data" : [ {
    "id" : "",
    "accountId" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "createdDate" : "",
    "updatedDate" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "sharedIds" : [ "" ],
    "parentIds" : [ "" ],
    "childIds" : [ "" ],
    "superParentIds" : [ "" ],
    "scope" : "",
    "hasAttachments" : false,
    "permalink" : "",
    "workflowId" : "",
    "metadata" : [ ],
    "customFields" : [ ],
    "project" : {
      "authorId" : "",
      "ownerIds" : [ "" ],
      "customStatusId" : "",
      "startDate" : "",
      "endDate" : "",
      "createdDate" : ""
    }
  } ]
}
```




### Create Task
Name: createTask

`Create a task.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| parentId | Parent ID | STRING | ID of the parent folder. | true |
| title | Title | STRING | The title of the task. | true |
| description | Description | STRING | Description of task, will be left blank, if not set. | false |
| status | Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Active</span>, <span>Completed</span>, <span>Deferred</span>, <span>Cancelled</span> </details> | The status of the task. | false |
| importance | Importance | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>High</span>, <span>Normal</span>, <span>Low</span> </details> | The importance of the task. | false |
| responsibles | Assignees | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($assigneeId)] </details> | Choose assignees for the task. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Task",
  "name" : "createTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "parentId" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "importance" : "",
    "responsibles" : [ "" ]
  },
  "type" : "wrike/v1/createTask"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| kind | STRING | Kind of the object that was created. |
| data | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(accountId), STRING\(title), STRING\(description), STRING\(briefDescription), [STRING\($parentId)]\(parentIds), [STRING\($superParentId)]\(superParentIds), [STRING\($sharedId)]\(sharedIds), [STRING\($responsibleId)]\(responsibleIds), STRING\(status), STRING\(importance), STRING\(createdDate), STRING\(updatedDate), STRING\(completedDate), &#123;STRING\(type)&#125;\(dates), STRING\(scope), [STRING\($authorId)]\(authorIds), STRING\(customStatusId), BOOLEAN\(hasAttachments), INTEGER\(attachmentCount), STRING\(permalink), STRING\(priority), BOOLEAN\(followedByMe), [STRING\($followerId)]\(followerIds), []\(superTaskIds), []\(subTaskIds), []\(dependencyIds), []\(metadata), []\(customFields)&#125;] </details> | Data of the object that was created. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "kind" : "",
  "data" : [ {
    "id" : "",
    "accountId" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "briefDescription" : "",
    "parentIds" : [ "" ],
    "superParentIds" : [ "" ],
    "sharedIds" : [ "" ],
    "responsibleIds" : [ "" ],
    "status" : "",
    "importance" : "",
    "createdDate" : "",
    "updatedDate" : "",
    "completedDate" : "",
    "dates" : {
      "type" : ""
    },
    "scope" : "",
    "authorIds" : [ "" ],
    "customStatusId" : "",
    "hasAttachments" : false,
    "attachmentCount" : 1,
    "permalink" : "",
    "priority" : "",
    "followedByMe" : false,
    "followerIds" : [ "" ],
    "superTaskIds" : [ ],
    "subTaskIds" : [ ],
    "dependencyIds" : [ ],
    "metadata" : [ ],
    "customFields" : [ ]
  } ]
}
```





## Triggers


### New Task
Name: newTask

`Triggers when a new task is created.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| taskId | STRING | The task ID. |
| webhookId | STRING | The webhook ID. |
| eventAuthorId | STRING | The ID of the author of the task. |
| eventType | STRING | Event type that happened. |
| lastUpdatedDate | STRING | Date of the last update. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Task",
  "name" : "newTask",
  "type" : "wrike/v1/newTask"
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/wrike_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Wrike component for ByteChef. Project management. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Wrike
---

Categories: Project Management


Type: wrike/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### oauth2_authorization_code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client ID | STRING | Client ID of your Wrike app. | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING | Client Secret of your Wrike app. | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Comment
Name: createComment

`Create a comment in a folder or in a task.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| parent | Parent | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>folders</span>, <span>tasks</span> </details> | Choose whether the comment will be added to a task or to a folder. | true |
| parentId | Parent ID | STRING <details> <summary> Depends On </summary> parent </details> | ID of the parent folder or the parent task. | true |
| text | Text | STRING | Comment text. | true |
| plainText | Plain Text | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Whether the comment will be treated as plain text or as HTML. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Comment",
  "name" : "createComment",
  "parameters" : {
    "parent" : "",
    "parentId" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "plainText" : false
  },
  "type" : "wrike/v1/createComment"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| kind | STRING | Kind of the object that was created. |
| data | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(authorId), STRING\(text), STRING\(updatedDate), STRING\(createdDate), STRING\(parentId), []\(attachmentIds)&#125;] </details> | Data of the object that was created. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "kind" : "",
  "data" : [ {
    "id" : "",
    "authorId" : "",
    "text" : "",
    "updatedDate" : "",
    "createdDate" : "",
    "parentId" : "",
    "attachmentIds" : [ ]
  } ]
}
```


### Create Folder
Name: createFolder

`Create a folder.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| parentId | Parent ID | STRING | ID of the parent folder. | true |
| title | Title | STRING | The title of the folder. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Folder",
  "name" : "createFolder",
  "parameters" : {
    "parentId" : "",
    "title" : ""
  },
  "type" : "wrike/v1/createFolder"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| kind | STRING | Kind of the object that was created. |
| data | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(accountId), STRING\(title), STRING\(createdDate), STRING\(updatedDate), STRING\(description), [STRING\($sharedId)]\(sharedIds), [STRING\($parentId)]\(parentIds), [STRING\($childId)]\(childIds), [STRING\($superParentId)]\(superParentIds), STRING\(scope), BOOLEAN\(hasAttachments), STRING\(permalink), STRING\(workflowId), []\(metadata), []\(customFields)&#125;] </details> | Data of the object that was created. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "kind" : "",
  "data" : [ {
    "id" : "",
    "accountId" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "createdDate" : "",
    "updatedDate" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "sharedIds" : [ "" ],
    "parentIds" : [ "" ],
    "childIds" : [ "" ],
    "superParentIds" : [ "" ],
    "scope" : "",
    "hasAttachments" : false,
    "permalink" : "",
    "workflowId" : "",
    "metadata" : [ ],
    "customFields" : [ ]
  } ]
}
```


### Create Project
Name: createProject

`Create a project.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| parentId | Parent ID | STRING | ID of the parent folder. | true |
| title | Title | STRING | The title of the project. | true |
| description | Description | STRING | The description of the project. | false |
| startDate | Start Date | DATE | The start date of the project. | false |
| endDate | End Date | DATE | The end date of the project. | false |
| contractType | Contract Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Billable</span>, <span>NonBillable</span> </details> | The contract type of the project. | false |
| ownerIds | Owner IDs | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | List of project owner IDs. | false |
| budget | Budget | INTEGER | The budget of the project. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Project",
  "name" : "createProject",
  "parameters" : {
    "parentId" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "startDate" : "2021-01-01",
    "endDate" : "2021-01-01",
    "contractType" : "",
    "ownerIds" : [ "" ],
    "budget" : 1
  },
  "type" : "wrike/v1/createProject"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| kind | STRING | Kind of the object that was created. |
| data | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(accountId), STRING\(title), STRING\(createdDate), STRING\(updatedDate), STRING\(description), [STRING\($sharedId)]\(sharedIds), [STRING\($parentId)]\(parentIds), [STRING\($childId)]\(childIds), [STRING\($superParentId)]\(superParentIds), STRING\(scope), BOOLEAN\(hasAttachments), STRING\(permalink), STRING\(workflowId), []\(metadata), []\(customFields), &#123;STRING\(authorId), [STRING\($ownerId)]\(ownerIds), STRING\(customStatusId), STRING\(startDate), STRING\(endDate), STRING\(createdDate)&#125;\(project)&#125;] </details> | Data of the object that was created. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "kind" : "",
  "data" : [ {
    "id" : "",
    "accountId" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "createdDate" : "",
    "updatedDate" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "sharedIds" : [ "" ],
    "parentIds" : [ "" ],
    "childIds" : [ "" ],
    "superParentIds" : [ "" ],
    "scope" : "",
    "hasAttachments" : false,
    "permalink" : "",
    "workflowId" : "",
    "metadata" : [ ],
    "customFields" : [ ],
    "project" : {
      "authorId" : "",
      "ownerIds" : [ "" ],
      "customStatusId" : "",
      "startDate" : "",
      "endDate" : "",
      "createdDate" : ""
    }
  } ]
}
```


### Create Task
Name: createTask

`Create a task.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| parentId | Parent ID | STRING | ID of the parent folder. | true |
| title | Title | STRING | The title of the task. | true |
| description | Description | STRING | Description of task, will be left blank, if not set. | false |
| status | Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Active</span>, <span>Completed</span>, <span>Deferred</span>, <span>Cancelled</span> </details> | The status of the task. | false |
| importance | Importance | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>High</span>, <span>Normal</span>, <span>Low</span> </details> | The importance of the task. | false |
| responsibles | Assignees | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($assigneeId)] </details> | Choose assignees for the task. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Task",
  "name" : "createTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "parentId" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "status" : "",
    "importance" : "",
    "responsibles" : [ "" ]
  },
  "type" : "wrike/v1/createTask"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| kind | STRING | Kind of the object that was created. |
| data | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(accountId), STRING\(title), STRING\(description), STRING\(briefDescription), [STRING\($parentId)]\(parentIds), [STRING\($superParentId)]\(superParentIds), [STRING\($sharedId)]\(sharedIds), [STRING\($responsibleId)]\(responsibleIds), STRING\(status), STRING\(importance), STRING\(createdDate), STRING\(updatedDate), STRING\(completedDate), &#123;STRING\(type)&#125;\(dates), STRING\(scope), [STRING\($authorId)]\(authorIds), STRING\(customStatusId), BOOLEAN\(hasAttachments), INTEGER\(attachmentCount), STRING\(permalink), STRING\(priority), BOOLEAN\(followedByMe), [STRING\($followerId)]\(followerIds), []\(superTaskIds), []\(subTaskIds), []\(dependencyIds), []\(metadata), []\(customFields)&#125;] </details> | Data of the object that was created. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "kind" : "",
  "data" : [ {
    "id" : "",
    "accountId" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "briefDescription" : "",
    "parentIds" : [ "" ],
    "superParentIds" : [ "" ],
    "sharedIds" : [ "" ],
    "responsibleIds" : [ "" ],
    "status" : "",
    "importance" : "",
    "createdDate" : "",
    "updatedDate" : "",
    "completedDate" : "",
    "dates" : {
      "type" : ""
    },
    "scope" : "",
    "authorIds" : [ "" ],
    "customStatusId" : "",
    "hasAttachments" : false,
    "attachmentCount" : 1,
    "permalink" : "",
    "priority" : "",
    "followedByMe" : false,
    "followerIds" : [ "" ],
    "superTaskIds" : [ ],
    "subTaskIds" : [ ],
    "dependencyIds" : [ ],
    "metadata" : [ ],
    "customFields" : [ ]
  } ]
}
```



## Triggers


### New Task
Name: newTask

`Triggers when a new task is created.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| taskId | STRING | The task ID. |
| webhookId | STRING | The webhook ID. |
| eventAuthorId | STRING | The ID of the author of the task. |
| eventType | STRING | Event type that happened. |
| lastUpdatedDate | STRING | Date of the last update. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Task",
  "name" : "newTask",
  "type" : "wrike/v1/newTask"
}
```




<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Find REST API Key

1. Navigate to your dashboard.
2. Click your account icon.
3. Click on **Settings**.
4. Click on **Profile**.
5. Scroll down and click on **Open Apps & Integrations**.
6. Click on **+App**.
7. Enter name of your application and below you can see your OAuth credentials.
8. Enter a redirect URI, e.g., http://127.0.0.1:5173/callback, https://app.bytechef.io/callback.
9. Click on **Save**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/2805cbf0-e254-41c9-a7ad-ed1dc38c5d8c?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>
