docs/content/docs/reference/components/xlsx-file_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "XLSX File"
description: "Reads and writes data from a XLS/XLSX file."
---


Categories: Helpers


Type: xlsxFile/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Read from File
Name: read

`Reads data from a XLS/XLSX file.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileEntry | File Entry | FILE_ENTRY | The object property which contains a reference to the XLS/XLSX file to read from. | true |
| sheetName | Sheet Name | STRING | The name of the sheet to read from in the spreadsheet. If not set, the first one gets chosen. | false |
| headerRow | Header Row | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | The first row of the file contains the header names. | false |
| includeEmptyCells | Include Empty Cells | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | When reading from file the empty cells will be filled with an empty string. | false |
| pageSize | Page Size | INTEGER | The amount of child elements to return in a page. | false |
| pageNumber | Page Number | INTEGER | The page number to get. | false |
| readAsString | Read As String | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | In some cases and file formats, it is necessary to read data specifically as string, otherwise some special characters are interpreted the wrong way. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Read from File",
  "name" : "read",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileEntry" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    },
    "sheetName" : "",
    "headerRow" : false,
    "includeEmptyCells" : false,
    "pageSize" : 1,
    "pageNumber" : 1,
    "readAsString" : false
  },
  "type" : "xlsxFile/v1/read"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Write to File
Name: write

`Writes the data to a XLS/XLSX file.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| sheetName | Sheet Name | STRING | The name of the sheet to create in the spreadsheet. | false |
| rows | Rows | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#125;] </details> | The array of rows to write to the file. | true |
| filename | Filename | STRING | Filename to set for binary data. By default, "file.xlsx" will be used. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Write to File",
  "name" : "write",
  "parameters" : {
    "sheetName" : "",
    "rows" : [ { } ],
    "filename" : ""
  },
  "type" : "xlsxFile/v1/write"
}
```

#### Output



Type: FILE_ENTRY


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| extension | STRING |  |
| mimeType | STRING |  |
| name | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "extension" : "",
  "mimeType" : "",
  "name" : "",
  "url" : ""
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/xlsx-file_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "XLSX File component. Read and write Excel files. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: XLSX File
---

Categories: Helpers


Type: xlsxFile/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Read from File
Name: read

`Reads data from a XLS/XLSX file.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileEntry | File Entry | FILE_ENTRY | The object property which contains a reference to the XLS/XLSX file to read from. | true |
| sheetName | Sheet Name | STRING | The name of the sheet to read from in the spreadsheet. If not set, the first one gets chosen. | false |
| headerRow | Header Row | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | The first row of the file contains the header names. | false |
| includeEmptyCells | Include Empty Cells | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | When reading from file the empty cells will be filled with an empty string. | false |
| pageSize | Page Size | INTEGER | The amount of child elements to return in a page. | false |
| pageNumber | Page Number | INTEGER | The page number to get. | false |
| readAsString | Read As String | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | In some cases and file formats, it is necessary to read data specifically as string, otherwise some special characters are interpreted the wrong way. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Read from File",
  "name" : "read",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileEntry" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    },
    "sheetName" : "",
    "headerRow" : false,
    "includeEmptyCells" : false,
    "pageSize" : 1,
    "pageNumber" : 1,
    "readAsString" : false
  },
  "type" : "xlsxFile/v1/read"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Write to File
Name: write

`Writes the data to a XLS/XLSX file.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| sheetName | Sheet Name | STRING | The name of the sheet to create in the spreadsheet. | false |
| rows | Rows | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;&#125;] </details> | The array of rows to write to the file. | true |
| filename | Filename | STRING | Filename to set for binary data. By default, "file.xlsx" will be used. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Write to File",
  "name" : "write",
  "parameters" : {
    "sheetName" : "",
    "rows" : [ { } ],
    "filename" : ""
  },
  "type" : "xlsxFile/v1/write"
}
```

#### Output



Type: FILE_ENTRY


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| extension | STRING |  |
| mimeType | STRING |  |
| name | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "extension" : "",
  "mimeType" : "",
  "name" : "",
  "url" : ""
}
```
