docs/content/docs/reference/components/xml-helper_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "XML Helper"
description: "Converts between XML string and object/array."
---


Categories: Helpers


Type: xmlHelper/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Convert from XML String
Name: parse

`Converts the XML string to object/array.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| source | Source | STRING | The XML string to convert to the data. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Convert from XML String",
  "name" : "parse",
  "parameters" : {
    "source" : ""
  },
  "type" : "xmlHelper/v1/parse"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Convert to XML String
Name: stringify

`Writes the object/array to a XML string.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| type | Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>OBJECT</span>, <span>ARRAY</span> </details> | The value type. | false |
| source | Source | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | The object to convert to XML string. | true |
| source | Source | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | The array to convert to XML string. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Convert to XML String",
  "name" : "stringify",
  "parameters" : {
    "type" : "",
    "source" : [ ]
  },
  "type" : "xmlHelper/v1/stringify"
}
```

#### Output



Type: STRING

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/xml-helper_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "XML Helper component. Convert between XML formats. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: XML Helper
---

Categories: Helpers


Type: xmlHelper/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Convert from XML String
Name: parse

`Converts the XML string to object/array.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| source | Source | STRING | The XML string to convert to the data. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Convert from XML String",
  "name" : "parse",
  "parameters" : {
    "source" : ""
  },
  "type" : "xmlHelper/v1/parse"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Convert to XML String
Name: stringify

`Writes the object/array to a XML string.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| type | Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>OBJECT</span>, <span>ARRAY</span> </details> | The value type. | false |
| source | Source | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | The object to convert to XML string. | true |
| source | Source | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | The array to convert to XML string. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Convert to XML String",
  "name" : "stringify",
  "parameters" : {
    "type" : "",
    "source" : [ ]
  },
  "type" : "xmlHelper/v1/stringify"
}
```

#### Output



Type: STRING
