docs/content/docs/reference/components/xml-file_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "XML File"
description: "Reads and writes data from a XML file."
---


Categories: Helpers


Type: xmlFile/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Read from File
Name: read

`Reads data from a XML file.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileEntry | File Entry | FILE_ENTRY | The object property which contains a reference to the XML file to read from. | true |
| isArray | Is Array | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | The object input is array? | false |
| path | Path | STRING | The path where the array is e.g 'data'. Leave blank to use the top level object. | false |
| pageSize | Page Size | INTEGER | The amount of child elements to return in a page. | false |
| pageNumber | Page Number | INTEGER | The page number to get. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Read from File",
  "name" : "read",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileEntry" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    },
    "isArray" : false,
    "path" : "",
    "pageSize" : 1,
    "pageNumber" : 1
  },
  "type" : "xmlFile/v1/read"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.






### Write to File
Name: write

`Writes the data to a XML file.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| type | Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>OBJECT</span>, <span>ARRAY</span> </details> | The value type. | false |
| source | Source | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | The object to write to the file. | true |
| source | Source | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | The aray to write to the file. | true |
| filename | Filename | STRING | Filename to set for binary data. By default, "file.xml" will be used. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Write to File",
  "name" : "write",
  "parameters" : {
    "type" : "",
    "source" : [ ],
    "filename" : ""
  },
  "type" : "xmlFile/v1/write"
}
```

#### Output



Type: FILE_ENTRY


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| extension | STRING |  |
| mimeType | STRING |  |
| name | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "extension" : "",
  "mimeType" : "",
  "name" : "",
  "url" : ""
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/xml-file_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "XML Helper component. Convert between XML formats. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: XML File
---

Categories: Helpers


Type: xmlFile/v1

<hr />




## Actions


### Read from File
Name: read

`Reads data from a XML file.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| fileEntry | File Entry | FILE_ENTRY | The object property which contains a reference to the XML file to read from. | true |
| isArray | Is Array | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | The object input is array? | false |
| path | Path | STRING | The path where the array is e.g 'data'. Leave blank to use the top level object. | false |
| pageSize | Page Size | INTEGER | The amount of child elements to return in a page. | false |
| pageNumber | Page Number | INTEGER | The page number to get. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Read from File",
  "name" : "read",
  "parameters" : {
    "fileEntry" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    },
    "isArray" : false,
    "path" : "",
    "pageSize" : 1,
    "pageNumber" : 1
  },
  "type" : "xmlFile/v1/read"
}
```

#### Output

The output for this action is dynamic and may vary depending on the input parameters. To determine the exact structure of the output, you need to execute the action.




### Write to File
Name: write

`Writes the data to a XML file.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| type | Type | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>OBJECT</span>, <span>ARRAY</span> </details> | The value type. | false |
| source | Source | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | The object to write to the file. | true |
| source | Source | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [] </details> | The aray to write to the file. | true |
| filename | Filename | STRING | Filename to set for binary data. By default, "file.xml" will be used. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Write to File",
  "name" : "write",
  "parameters" : {
    "type" : "",
    "source" : [ ],
    "filename" : ""
  },
  "type" : "xmlFile/v1/write"
}
```

#### Output



Type: FILE_ENTRY


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| extension | STRING |  |
| mimeType | STRING |  |
| name | STRING |  |
| url | STRING |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "extension" : "",
  "mimeType" : "",
  "name" : "",
  "url" : ""
}
```
