docs/content/docs/reference/components/youtube_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Youtube"
description: "Enjoy the videos and music you love, upload original content, and share it all with friends, family, and the world on YouTube."
---


Categories: Helpers


Type: youtube/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable YouTube API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "youube api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **YouTube Data API v3**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zindex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/9b51f546-6d77-4e9b-b27a-c8704982ccbf?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Upload Video
Name: uploadVideo

`Uploads video to Youtube.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| file | Video File | FILE_ENTRY | Video file that will be uploaded. | true |
| title | Video Title | STRING | Title of the video. | true |
| description | Video Description | STRING | Description of the video. | true |
| tags | Video Tags | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($tag)] </details> | Tags of the video. | false |
| privacyStatus | Privacy Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>private</span>, <span>public</span>, <span>unlisted</span> </details> | Privacy status of the video. | true |
| categoryId | Video Category ID | STRING |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Upload Video",
  "name" : "uploadVideo",
  "parameters" : {
    "file" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    },
    "title" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "tags" : [ "" ],
    "privacyStatus" : "",
    "categoryId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "youtube/v1/uploadVideo"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| publishedAt | STRING | The date and time when the video was published. |
| channelId | STRING | ID of the channel where the video was uploaded. |
| title | STRING | Title of the video. |
| description | STRING | Description of the video. |
| thumbnails | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#123;STRING\(url), INTEGER\(width), INTEGER\(height)&#125;\(default), &#123;STRING\(url), INTEGER\(width), INTEGER\(height)&#125;\(medium), &#123;STRING\(url), INTEGER\(width), INTEGER\(height)&#125;\(high)&#125; </details> | Video thumbnails of different quality. |
| channelTitle | STRING | Title of the channel. |
| tags | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Tags of the video. |
| categoryId | STRING | ID of the video category. |
| liveBroadcastContent | STRING | Live broadcasting content. |
| localized | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(title), STRING\(description)&#125; </details> | Localized description of the video. |
| publishTime | STRING | The date and time when the video was published. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "publishedAt" : "",
  "channelId" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "description" : "",
  "thumbnails" : {
    "default" : {
      "url" : "",
      "width" : 1,
      "height" : 1
    },
    "medium" : {
      "url" : "",
      "width" : 1,
      "height" : 1
    },
    "high" : {
      "url" : "",
      "width" : 1,
      "height" : 1
    }
  },
  "channelTitle" : "",
  "tags" : [ "" ],
  "categoryId" : "",
  "liveBroadcastContent" : "",
  "localized" : {
    "title" : "",
    "description" : ""
  },
  "publishTime" : ""
}
```





## Triggers


### New Video
Name: newVideo

`Triggers when new video is added to a specific channel.`

Type: POLLING

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| identifier | Username/Channel Handle | STRING | Youtube username or a channel handle (e.g. @Youtube). | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| publishedAt | STRING | The date and time when the video was published. |
| channelId | STRING | ID of the channel where the video was uploaded. |
| title | STRING | Title of the video. |
| description | STRING | Description of the video. |
| thumbnails | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#123;STRING\(url), INTEGER\(width), INTEGER\(height)&#125;\(default), &#123;STRING\(url), INTEGER\(width), INTEGER\(height)&#125;\(medium), &#123;STRING\(url), INTEGER\(width), INTEGER\(height)&#125;\(high)&#125; </details> | Video thumbnails of different quality. |
| channelTitle | STRING | Title of the channel. |
| liveBroadcastContent | STRING | Live broadcasting content. |
| publishTime | STRING | The date and time when the video was published. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Video",
  "name" : "newVideo",
  "parameters" : {
    "identifier" : ""
  },
  "type" : "youtube/v1/newVideo"
}
```





<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/youtube_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "YouTube component for ByteChef. Video platform. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Youtube
---

Categories: Helpers


Type: youtube/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Upload Video
Name: uploadVideo

`Uploads video to Youtube.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| file | Video File | FILE_ENTRY | Video file that will be uploaded. | true |
| title | Video Title | STRING | Title of the video. | true |
| description | Video Description | STRING | Description of the video. | true |
| tags | Video Tags | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING\($tag)] </details> | Tags of the video. | false |
| privacyStatus | Privacy Status | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>private</span>, <span>public</span>, <span>unlisted</span> </details> | Privacy status of the video. | true |
| categoryId | Video Category ID | STRING |  | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Upload Video",
  "name" : "uploadVideo",
  "parameters" : {
    "file" : {
      "extension" : "",
      "mimeType" : "",
      "name" : "",
      "url" : ""
    },
    "title" : "",
    "description" : "",
    "tags" : [ "" ],
    "privacyStatus" : "",
    "categoryId" : ""
  },
  "type" : "youtube/v1/uploadVideo"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| publishedAt | STRING | The date and time when the video was published. |
| channelId | STRING | ID of the channel where the video was uploaded. |
| title | STRING | Title of the video. |
| description | STRING | Description of the video. |
| thumbnails | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#123;STRING\(url), INTEGER\(width), INTEGER\(height)&#125;\(default), &#123;STRING\(url), INTEGER\(width), INTEGER\(height)&#125;\(medium), &#123;STRING\(url), INTEGER\(width), INTEGER\(height)&#125;\(high)&#125; </details> | Video thumbnails of different quality. |
| channelTitle | STRING | Title of the channel. |
| tags | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [STRING] </details> | Tags of the video. |
| categoryId | STRING | ID of the video category. |
| liveBroadcastContent | STRING | Live broadcasting content. |
| localized | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(title), STRING\(description)&#125; </details> | Localized description of the video. |
| publishTime | STRING | The date and time when the video was published. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "publishedAt" : "",
  "channelId" : "",
  "title" : "",
  "description" : "",
  "thumbnails" : {
    "default" : {
      "url" : "",
      "width" : 1,
      "height" : 1
    },
    "medium" : {
      "url" : "",
      "width" : 1,
      "height" : 1
    },
    "high" : {
      "url" : "",
      "width" : 1,
      "height" : 1
    }
  },
  "channelTitle" : "",
  "tags" : [ "" ],
  "categoryId" : "",
  "liveBroadcastContent" : "",
  "localized" : {
    "title" : "",
    "description" : ""
  },
  "publishTime" : ""
}
```



## Triggers


### New Video
Name: newVideo

`Triggers when new video is added to a specific channel.`

Type: POLLING

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| identifier | Username/Channel Handle | STRING | Youtube username or a channel handle (e.g. @Youtube). | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| publishedAt | STRING | The date and time when the video was published. |
| channelId | STRING | ID of the channel where the video was uploaded. |
| title | STRING | Title of the video. |
| description | STRING | Description of the video. |
| thumbnails | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#123;STRING\(url), INTEGER\(width), INTEGER\(height)&#125;\(default), &#123;STRING\(url), INTEGER\(width), INTEGER\(height)&#125;\(medium), &#123;STRING\(url), INTEGER\(width), INTEGER\(height)&#125;\(high)&#125; </details> | Video thumbnails of different quality. |
| channelTitle | STRING | Title of the channel. |
| liveBroadcastContent | STRING | Live broadcasting content. |
| publishTime | STRING | The date and time when the video was published. |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "New Video",
  "name" : "newVideo",
  "parameters" : {
    "identifier" : ""
  },
  "type" : "youtube/v1/newVideo"
}
```




<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Create OAuth 2.0 Application

Creation of OAuth 2.0 application is documented [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#create-oauth-20-application).

### Enable YouTube API

1. In the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/), select your project.
2. Go to the **APIs & Services**.
3. Click on **ENABLE APIS AND SERVICES**.
4. Search for "youube api" in the search bar.
5. Click on **YouTube Data API v3**.
6. Click **Enable**.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/9b51f546-6d77-4e9b-b27a-c8704982ccbf?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>

## Troubleshooting

### Access Blocked: Verification Process Not Completed

Documentation for how to add a test user can be found [here](/reference/components/google-application-setup_v1#access-blocked-verification-process-not-completed)
