docs/content/docs/reference/components/zendesk-sell_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Zendesk Sell"
description: "Zendesk Sell is a sales CRM software that helps businesses manage leads, contacts, and deals efficiently."
---


Categories: CRM


Type: zendeskSell/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |






<hr />


## Actions


### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Creates new contact. A contact may represent a single individual or an organization.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| is_organization | Is Contact Represent an Organization? | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Is contact represent an organization or a single individual? | true |
| name | Name | STRING | The name of the organisation. | false |
| first_name | First Name | STRING | The first name of the person. | false |
| last_name | Last Name | STRING | The last name of the person. | true |
| title | Title | STRING |  | false |
| website | Website | STRING |  | false |
| email | Email | STRING |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "is_organization" : false,
    "name" : "",
    "first_name" : "",
    "last_name" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "website" : "",
    "email" : ""
  },
  "type" : "zendeskSell/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), BOOLEAN\(is_organization), STRING\(title), STRING\(website), STRING\(email)&#125; </details> |  |
| meta | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(version), STRING\(type)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "id" : "",
    "is_organization" : false,
    "title" : "",
    "website" : "",
    "email" : ""
  },
  "meta" : {
    "version" : 1,
    "type" : ""
  }
}
```




### Create Task
Name: createTask

`Creates new task.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| content | Task Name | STRING |  | true |
| due_date | Due Date | DATE |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Task",
  "name" : "createTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "content" : "",
    "due_date" : "2021-01-01"
  },
  "type" : "zendeskSell/v1/createTask"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(id), STRING\(content), DATE\(due_date)&#125; </details> |  |
| meta | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(type)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "id" : 1,
    "content" : "",
    "due_date" : "2021-01-01"
  },
  "meta" : {
    "type" : ""
  }
}
```

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/zendesk-sell_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Zendesk Sell component for ByteChef. Sales CRM. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Zendesk Sell
---

Categories: CRM


Type: zendeskSell/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### Bearer Token

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| token | Token | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Contact
Name: createContact

`Creates new contact. A contact may represent a single individual or an organization.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| is_organization | Is Contact Represent an Organization? | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Is contact represent an organization or a single individual? | true |
| name | Name | STRING | The name of the organisation. | false |
| first_name | First Name | STRING | The first name of the person. | false |
| last_name | Last Name | STRING | The last name of the person. | true |
| title | Title | STRING |  | false |
| website | Website | STRING |  | false |
| email | Email | STRING |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Contact",
  "name" : "createContact",
  "parameters" : {
    "is_organization" : false,
    "name" : "",
    "first_name" : "",
    "last_name" : "",
    "title" : "",
    "website" : "",
    "email" : ""
  },
  "type" : "zendeskSell/v1/createContact"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), BOOLEAN\(is_organization), STRING\(title), STRING\(website), STRING\(email)&#125; </details> |  |
| meta | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(version), STRING\(type)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "id" : "",
    "is_organization" : false,
    "title" : "",
    "website" : "",
    "email" : ""
  },
  "meta" : {
    "version" : 1,
    "type" : ""
  }
}
```


### Create Task
Name: createTask

`Creates new task.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| content | Task Name | STRING |  | true |
| due_date | Due Date | DATE |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Task",
  "name" : "createTask",
  "parameters" : {
    "content" : "",
    "due_date" : "2021-01-01"
  },
  "type" : "zendeskSell/v1/createTask"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| data | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;INTEGER\(id), STRING\(content), DATE\(due_date)&#125; </details> |  |
| meta | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(type)&#125; </details> |  |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "data" : {
    "id" : 1,
    "content" : "",
    "due_date" : "2021-01-01"
  },
  "meta" : {
    "type" : ""
  }
}
```
