docs/content/docs/reference/components/zenrows_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "ZenRows"
description: "ZenRows is a web scraping service with an advanced toolkit and APIs that simplify data extraction from bot-protected websites."
---


Categories: Analytics


Type: zenrows/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### api_key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| value | API Key | STRING | API key can be found in Settings -&gt; API Key. | true |



## Connection Setup

### Find API Key

1. Navigate to your dashboard.
2. Click on **Settings**.
3. Here you can see your API key.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/2b69b7ce-2596-49d2-aeda-bb74a9c52f70?type=1&controls=on" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Scrape URL
Name: scrapeUrl

`Extracts HTML data from a given URL.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| url | URL | STRING | URL of the site that will be scraped. | true |
| original_status | Original Status | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Return the original HTTP status code from the target page. Useful for debugging in case of errors. | false |
| js_render | JS Render | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Enable JavaScript rendering with a headless browser. Essential for modern web apps, SPAs, and sites with dynamic content. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Scrape URL",
  "name" : "scrapeUrl",
  "parameters" : {
    "url" : "",
    "original_status" : false,
    "js_render" : false
  },
  "type" : "zenrows/v1/scrapeUrl"
}
```

#### Output



Type: STRING










### Scrape URL Autoparse
Name: scrapeUrlAutoparse

`Get a JSON with the page's data. For most popular websites only.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| url | URL | STRING | URL of the site that will be scraped. | true |
| original_status | Original Status | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Return the original HTTP status code from the target page. Useful for debugging in case of errors. | false |
| js_render | JS Render | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Enable JavaScript rendering with a headless browser. Essential for modern web apps, SPAs, and sites with dynamic content. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Scrape URL Autoparse",
  "name" : "scrapeUrlAutoparse",
  "parameters" : {
    "url" : "",
    "original_status" : false,
    "js_render" : false
  },
  "type" : "zenrows/v1/scrapeUrlAutoparse"
}
```

#### Output



Type: STRING










### Scrape URL With CSS Selectors
Name: scrapeUrlWithCssSelectors

`Extracts specific data from a given URL.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| url | URL | STRING | URL of the site that will be scraped. | true |
| css_extractor | CSS Extractor | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(key), STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | Key-value pairs that will be scraped, where key is arbitrary parameter name and value is CSS element that you want to scrape. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Scrape URL With CSS Selectors",
  "name" : "scrapeUrlWithCssSelectors",
  "parameters" : {
    "url" : "",
    "css_extractor" : [ {
      "key" : "",
      "value" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "zenrows/v1/scrapeUrlWithCssSelectors"
}
```

#### Output



Type: STRING

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/zenrows_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "ZenRows component for ByteChef. Automate web scraping and data extraction with advanced APIs and proxy rotation."
title: ZenRows
---

Categories: Analytics


Type: zenrows/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### api_key

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| value | API Key | STRING | API key can be found in Settings -&gt; API Key. | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Scrape URL
Name: scrapeUrl

`Extracts HTML data from a given URL.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| url | URL | STRING | URL of the site that will be scraped. | true |
| original_status | Original Status | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Return the original HTTP status code from the target page. Useful for debugging in case of errors. | false |
| js_render | JS Render | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Enable JavaScript rendering with a headless browser. Essential for modern web apps, SPAs, and sites with dynamic content. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Scrape URL",
  "name" : "scrapeUrl",
  "parameters" : {
    "url" : "",
    "original_status" : false,
    "js_render" : false
  },
  "type" : "zenrows/v1/scrapeUrl"
}
```

#### Output



Type: STRING








### Scrape URL Autoparse
Name: scrapeUrlAutoparse

`Get a JSON with the page's data. For most popular websites only.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| url | URL | STRING | URL of the site that will be scraped. | true |
| original_status | Original Status | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Return the original HTTP status code from the target page. Useful for debugging in case of errors. | false |
| js_render | JS Render | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Enable JavaScript rendering with a headless browser. Essential for modern web apps, SPAs, and sites with dynamic content. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Scrape URL Autoparse",
  "name" : "scrapeUrlAutoparse",
  "parameters" : {
    "url" : "",
    "original_status" : false,
    "js_render" : false
  },
  "type" : "zenrows/v1/scrapeUrlAutoparse"
}
```

#### Output



Type: STRING








### Scrape URL With CSS Selectors
Name: scrapeUrlWithCssSelectors

`Extracts specific data from a given URL.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| url | URL | STRING | URL of the site that will be scraped. | true |
| css_extractor | CSS Extractor | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(key), STRING\(value)&#125;] </details> | Key-value pairs that will be scraped, where key is arbitrary parameter name and value is CSS element that you want to scrape. | true |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Scrape URL With CSS Selectors",
  "name" : "scrapeUrlWithCssSelectors",
  "parameters" : {
    "url" : "",
    "css_extractor" : [ {
      "key" : "",
      "value" : ""
    } ]
  },
  "type" : "zenrows/v1/scrapeUrlWithCssSelectors"
}
```

#### Output



Type: STRING










<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Find API Key

1. Navigate to your dashboard.
2. Click on **Settings**.
3. Here you can see your API key.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/2b69b7ce-2596-49d2-aeda-bb74a9c52f70?type=1&controls=on" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>
