docs/content/docs/reference/components/zeplin_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Zeplin"
description: "Zeplin is a collaboration tool that bridges the gap between designers and developers by providing a platform to share, organize, and translate design files into development."
---


Categories: Communication


Type: zeplin/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

Connect Zeplin to ByteChef using OAuth 2.0 (Authorization Code).

### Create a Zeplin OAuth app

1. Log in to the Zeplin profile page and go to the [Developer tab](https://app.zeplin.io/profile/developer).
2. Click **Create new app**.
3. Enter an app name (for example, `ByteChef Integration`).
4. Add the ByteChef OAuth redirect (callback) URL(s):
    - Cloud: `https://app.bytechef.io/callback`
    - Local development: `http://127.0.0.1:5173/callback`
5. Click **CREATE**.
6. Copy **Client ID** and **Client Secret**. You will use these in ByteChef when creating the Zeplin connection.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(53.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/SGg69P7XD9vjivIbNZ1n?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Update Project
Name: updateProject

`Updates an existing project.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| project_id | Project ID | STRING | Project to update. | true |
| name | Name | STRING | New name for the project. | true |
| description | Description | STRING | New description for the project. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Project",
  "name" : "updateProject",
  "parameters" : {
    "project_id" : "",
    "name" : "",
    "description" : ""
  },
  "type" : "zeplin/v1/updateProject"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.







## Triggers


### Project Note
Name: projectNote

`Triggers when new note is created, deleted or updated in specified project.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| project_id | Project ID | STRING | ID of the project you want to monitor. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| context | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(status), [&#123;STRING\(id), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(email), STRING\(username)&#125;\(author), STRING\(content)&#125;]\(comments)&#125;\(data)&#125; </details> |  |
| action | STRING |  |
| event | STRING |  |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Project Note",
  "name" : "projectNote",
  "parameters" : {
    "project_id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "zeplin/v1/projectNote"
}
```





## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/zeplin_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Zeplin component for ByteChef. Design collaboration. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Zeplin
---

Categories: Communication


Type: zeplin/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Update Project
Name: updateProject

`Updates an existing project.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| project_id | Project ID | STRING | Project to update. | true |
| name | Name | STRING | New name for the project. | true |
| description | Description | STRING | New description for the project. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Update Project",
  "name" : "updateProject",
  "parameters" : {
    "project_id" : "",
    "name" : "",
    "description" : ""
  },
  "type" : "zeplin/v1/updateProject"
}
```

#### Output

This action does not produce any output.





## Triggers


### Project Note
Name: projectNote

`Triggers when new note is created, deleted or updated in specified project.`

Type: DYNAMIC_WEBHOOK

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| project_id | Project ID | STRING | ID of the project you want to monitor. | true |


#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| context | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(type), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(status), [&#123;STRING\(id), &#123;STRING\(id), STRING\(email), STRING\(username)&#125;\(author), STRING\(content)&#125;]\(comments)&#125;\(data)&#125; </details> |  |
| action | STRING |  |
| event | STRING |  |




#### JSON Example
```json
{
  "label" : "Project Note",
  "name" : "projectNote",
  "parameters" : {
    "project_id" : ""
  },
  "type" : "zeplin/v1/projectNote"
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

Connect Zeplin to ByteChef using OAuth 2.0 (Authorization Code).

### Create a Zeplin OAuth app

1. Log in to the Zeplin profile page and go to the [Developer tab](https://app.zeplin.io/profile/developer).
2. Click **Create new app**.
3. Enter an app name (for example, `ByteChef Integration`).
4. Add the ByteChef OAuth redirect (callback) URL(s):
    - Cloud: `https://app.bytechef.io/callback`
    - Local development: `http://127.0.0.1:5173/callback`
5. Click **CREATE**.
6. Copy **Client ID** and **Client Secret**. You will use these in ByteChef when creating the Zeplin connection.

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(53.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/SGg69P7XD9vjivIbNZ1n?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0}} allowFullScreen frameBorder="0"></iframe>
</div>
