docs/content/docs/reference/components/zoom_v1.mdx, before:

---
title: "Zoom"
description: "Zoom is a cloud-based video conferencing platform that enables virtual meetings, webinars, and collaboration through video, audio, and chat."
---


Categories: Communication


Type: zoom/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |



## Connection Setup

### Find OAuth Credentials and Add Required Scopes

1. Go to [marketplace.zoom.us](https://marketplace.zoom.us/) and log in to your account.
2. Click on Develop.
3. Click on Build app.
4. Select General App.
5. Click on Create.
6. Here you can see Client ID and Client Secret.
7. Enter a redirect URI, e.g., http://127.0.0.1:5173/callback, https://app.bytechef.io/callback. Click Create.
8. Go to **Scopes** from left sidebar and add **meeting:write:meeting** and **meeting:write:registrant** as scopes.`,

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 49, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/23d01159-c615-4e15-9592-edb2439c0da7?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>



<hr />


## Actions


### Create Meeting
Name: createMeeting

`Creates a meeting.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| topic | Topic | STRING | The meeting's topic. | true |
| duration | Duration | NUMBER | Duration of the meeting in minutes. | false |
| auto_recording | Auto Recording | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>local</span>, <span>cloud</span>, <span>none</span> </details> |  | false |
| audio | Audio | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>both</span>, <span>telephony</span>, <span>voip</span>, <span>thirdParty</span> </details> | How participants join the audio portion of the meeting. | false |
| agenda | Agenda | STRING | The meeting's agenda. This value has a maximum length of 2,000 characters. | false |
| password | Password | STRING | The password required to join the meeting. By default, a password can only have a maximum length of 10 characters and only contain alphanumeric characters and the @, -, _, and * characters. | false |
| settings | Settings | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(schedule_for), INTEGER\(approval_type)&#125; </details> |  | false |
| join_url | Join Url | STRING | URL for participants to join the meeting. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Meeting",
  "name" : "createMeeting",
  "parameters" : {
    "topic" : "",
    "duration" : 0.0,
    "auto_recording" : "",
    "audio" : "",
    "agenda" : "",
    "password" : "",
    "settings" : {
      "schedule_for" : "",
      "approval_type" : 1
    },
    "join_url" : ""
  },
  "type" : "zoom/v1/createMeeting"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| assistant_id | STRING | Unique ID of the assistant. |
| host_email | STRING | Email of the host. |
| id | INTEGER | ID of the meeting. |
| registration_url | STRING | URL for meeting registration. |
| agenda | STRING | Agenda of the meeting. |
| created_at | STRING | Creation time of the meeting. |
| duration | INTEGER | Duration of the meeting in minutes. |
| encrypted_password | STRING | Encrypted meeting password. |
| pstn_password | STRING | PSTN password for phone participants. |
| h323_password | STRING | H.323/SIP room system password. |
| join_url | STRING | URL to join the meeting. |
| chat_join_url | STRING | Chat join URL for the meeting. |
| occurrences | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;INTEGER\(duration), STRING\(occurrence_id), STRING\(start_time), STRING\(status)&#125;] </details> |  |
| password | STRING | Password to join the meeting. |
| pmi | STRING | Personal Meeting ID. |
| pre_schedule | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Indicates if meeting is prescheduled. |
| recurrence | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(end_date_time), INTEGER\(end_times), INTEGER\(monthly_day), INTEGER\(monthly_week), INTEGER\(monthly_week_day), INTEGER\(repeat_interval), INTEGER\(type), STRING\(weekly_days)&#125; </details> |  |
| settings | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Meeting settings configuration. |
| start_time | STRING | Scheduled start time. |
| start_url | STRING | URL for host to start the meeting. |
| timezone | STRING | Meeting timezone. |
| topic | STRING | Meeting topic. |
| tracking_fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(field), STRING\(value), BOOLEAN\(visible)&#125;] </details> |  |
| type | INTEGER | Type of meeting. |
| dynamic_host_key | STRING | Dynamic host key for the meeting. |
| creation_source | STRING | Source of creation (e.g., open_api). |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "assistant_id" : "",
  "host_email" : "",
  "id" : 1,
  "registration_url" : "",
  "agenda" : "",
  "created_at" : "",
  "duration" : 1,
  "encrypted_password" : "",
  "pstn_password" : "",
  "h323_password" : "",
  "join_url" : "",
  "chat_join_url" : "",
  "occurrences" : [ {
    "duration" : 1,
    "occurrence_id" : "",
    "start_time" : "",
    "status" : ""
  } ],
  "password" : "",
  "pmi" : "",
  "pre_schedule" : false,
  "recurrence" : {
    "end_date_time" : "",
    "end_times" : 1,
    "monthly_day" : 1,
    "monthly_week" : 1,
    "monthly_week_day" : 1,
    "repeat_interval" : 1,
    "type" : 1,
    "weekly_days" : ""
  },
  "settings" : { },
  "start_time" : "",
  "start_url" : "",
  "timezone" : "",
  "topic" : "",
  "tracking_fields" : [ {
    "field" : "",
    "value" : "",
    "visible" : false
  } ],
  "type" : 1,
  "dynamic_host_key" : "",
  "creation_source" : ""
}
```




### Add Meeting Registrant
Name: addMeetingRegistrant

`Create and submit a user's registration to a meeting.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| meetingId | Meeting ID | INTEGER | ID of the meeting where the registrant will be added. | true |
| first_name | First Name | STRING | First name of the registrant. | true |
| last_name | Last Name | STRING | Last name of the registrant. | false |
| email | Email | STRING | Email of the registrant. | true |
| address | Address | STRING | Address of the registrant. | false |
| city | City | STRING | City of the registrant. | false |
| state | State | STRING |  | false |
| zip | Zip | STRING |  | false |
| country | Country | STRING | Country of the registrant. | false |
| phone | Phone | STRING | Phone number of the registrant. | false |
| comments | Comments | STRING | Additional comment about the registrant. | false |
| industry | Industry | STRING |  | false |
| job_title | Job Title | STRING |  | false |
| no_of_employees | Number of Employees | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>1-20</span>, <span>21-50</span>, <span>51-100</span>, <span>101-500</span>, <span>501-1,000</span>, <span>1,001-5,000</span>, <span>5,001-10,000</span>, <span>More than 10,000</span> </details> |  | false |
| org | Organization | STRING |  | false |
| purchasing_time_frame | Purchasing Time Frame | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Within a month</span>, <span>1-3 months</span>, <span>4-6 months</span>, <span>More than 6 months</span>, <span>No timeframe</span> </details> |  | false |
| role_in_purchase_process | Role In Purchase Process | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Decision Maker</span>, <span>Evaluator/Recommender</span>, <span>Influencer</span>, <span>Not involved</span> </details> |  | false |
| language | Language | STRING |  | false |
| auto_approve | Auto Approve | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Add Meeting Registrant",
  "name" : "addMeetingRegistrant",
  "parameters" : {
    "meetingId" : 1,
    "first_name" : "",
    "last_name" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "address" : "",
    "city" : "",
    "state" : "",
    "zip" : "",
    "country" : "",
    "phone" : "",
    "comments" : "",
    "industry" : "",
    "job_title" : "",
    "no_of_employees" : "",
    "org" : "",
    "purchasing_time_frame" : "",
    "role_in_purchase_process" : "",
    "language" : "",
    "auto_approve" : false
  },
  "type" : "zoom/v1/addMeetingRegistrant"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | INTEGER | ID of the meeting. |
| join_url | STRING | Join URL for the meeting. |
| registrant_id | STRING | ID of the user that registered for the meeting. |
| start_time | STRING | Start time of the meeting. |
| topic | STRING | Topic of the meeting. |
| occurrences | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;INTEGER\(duration), STRING\(occurrence_id), STRING\(start_time), STRING\(status)&#125;] </details> |  |
| participant_pin_code | INTEGER | Pin code for participation. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : 1,
  "join_url" : "",
  "registrant_id" : "",
  "start_time" : "",
  "topic" : "",
  "occurrences" : [ {
    "duration" : 1,
    "occurrence_id" : "",
    "start_time" : "",
    "status" : ""
  } ],
  "participant_pin_code" : 1
}
```






## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/reference/components/zoom_v1.mdx, after:

---
description: "Zoom component for ByteChef. Video conferencing. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Zoom
---

Categories: Communication


Type: zoom/v1

<hr />




## Connections

Version: 1


### OAuth2 Authorization Code

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| clientId | Client Id | STRING |  | true |
| clientSecret | Client Secret | STRING |  | true |





<hr />


## Actions


### Create Meeting
Name: createMeeting

`Creates a meeting.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| topic | Topic | STRING | The meeting's topic. | true |
| duration | Duration | NUMBER | Duration of the meeting in minutes. | false |
| auto_recording | Auto Recording | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>local</span>, <span>cloud</span>, <span>none</span> </details> |  | false |
| audio | Audio | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>both</span>, <span>telephony</span>, <span>voip</span>, <span>thirdParty</span> </details> | How participants join the audio portion of the meeting. | false |
| agenda | Agenda | STRING | The meeting's agenda. This value has a maximum length of 2,000 characters. | false |
| password | Password | STRING | The password required to join the meeting. By default, a password can only have a maximum length of 10 characters and only contain alphanumeric characters and the @, -, _, and * characters. | false |
| settings | Settings | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(schedule_for), INTEGER\(approval_type)&#125; </details> |  | false |
| join_url | Join Url | STRING | URL for participants to join the meeting. | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Create Meeting",
  "name" : "createMeeting",
  "parameters" : {
    "topic" : "",
    "duration" : 0.0,
    "auto_recording" : "",
    "audio" : "",
    "agenda" : "",
    "password" : "",
    "settings" : {
      "schedule_for" : "",
      "approval_type" : 1
    },
    "join_url" : ""
  },
  "type" : "zoom/v1/createMeeting"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| assistant_id | STRING | Unique ID of the assistant. |
| host_email | STRING | Email of the host. |
| id | INTEGER | ID of the meeting. |
| registration_url | STRING | URL for meeting registration. |
| agenda | STRING | Agenda of the meeting. |
| created_at | STRING | Creation time of the meeting. |
| duration | INTEGER | Duration of the meeting in minutes. |
| encrypted_password | STRING | Encrypted meeting password. |
| pstn_password | STRING | PSTN password for phone participants. |
| h323_password | STRING | H.323/SIP room system password. |
| join_url | STRING | URL to join the meeting. |
| chat_join_url | STRING | Chat join URL for the meeting. |
| occurrences | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;INTEGER\(duration), STRING\(occurrence_id), STRING\(start_time), STRING\(status)&#125;] </details> |  |
| password | STRING | Password to join the meeting. |
| pmi | STRING | Personal Meeting ID. |
| pre_schedule | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> | Indicates if meeting is prescheduled. |
| recurrence | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;STRING\(end_date_time), INTEGER\(end_times), INTEGER\(monthly_day), INTEGER\(monthly_week), INTEGER\(monthly_week_day), INTEGER\(repeat_interval), INTEGER\(type), STRING\(weekly_days)&#125; </details> |  |
| settings | OBJECT <details> <summary> Properties </summary> &#123;&#125; </details> | Meeting settings configuration. |
| start_time | STRING | Scheduled start time. |
| start_url | STRING | URL for host to start the meeting. |
| timezone | STRING | Meeting timezone. |
| topic | STRING | Meeting topic. |
| tracking_fields | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;STRING\(field), STRING\(value), BOOLEAN\(visible)&#125;] </details> |  |
| type | INTEGER | Type of meeting. |
| dynamic_host_key | STRING | Dynamic host key for the meeting. |
| creation_source | STRING | Source of creation (e.g., open_api). |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "assistant_id" : "",
  "host_email" : "",
  "id" : 1,
  "registration_url" : "",
  "agenda" : "",
  "created_at" : "",
  "duration" : 1,
  "encrypted_password" : "",
  "pstn_password" : "",
  "h323_password" : "",
  "join_url" : "",
  "chat_join_url" : "",
  "occurrences" : [ {
    "duration" : 1,
    "occurrence_id" : "",
    "start_time" : "",
    "status" : ""
  } ],
  "password" : "",
  "pmi" : "",
  "pre_schedule" : false,
  "recurrence" : {
    "end_date_time" : "",
    "end_times" : 1,
    "monthly_day" : 1,
    "monthly_week" : 1,
    "monthly_week_day" : 1,
    "repeat_interval" : 1,
    "type" : 1,
    "weekly_days" : ""
  },
  "settings" : { },
  "start_time" : "",
  "start_url" : "",
  "timezone" : "",
  "topic" : "",
  "tracking_fields" : [ {
    "field" : "",
    "value" : "",
    "visible" : false
  } ],
  "type" : 1,
  "dynamic_host_key" : "",
  "creation_source" : ""
}
```


### Add Meeting Registrant
Name: addMeetingRegistrant

`Create and submit a user's registration to a meeting.`

#### Properties

|      Name       |      Label     |     Type     |     Description     | Required |
|:---------------:|:--------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|:--------:|
| meetingId | Meeting ID | INTEGER | ID of the meeting where the registrant will be added. | true |
| first_name | First Name | STRING | First name of the registrant. | true |
| last_name | Last Name | STRING | Last name of the registrant. | false |
| email | Email | STRING | Email of the registrant. | true |
| address | Address | STRING | Address of the registrant. | false |
| city | City | STRING | City of the registrant. | false |
| state | State | STRING |  | false |
| zip | Zip | STRING |  | false |
| country | Country | STRING | Country of the registrant. | false |
| phone | Phone | STRING | Phone number of the registrant. | false |
| comments | Comments | STRING | Additional comment about the registrant. | false |
| industry | Industry | STRING |  | false |
| job_title | Job Title | STRING |  | false |
| no_of_employees | Number of Employees | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>1-20</span>, <span>21-50</span>, <span>51-100</span>, <span>101-500</span>, <span>501-1,000</span>, <span>1,001-5,000</span>, <span>5,001-10,000</span>, <span>More than 10,000</span> </details> |  | false |
| org | Organization | STRING |  | false |
| purchasing_time_frame | Purchasing Time Frame | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Within a month</span>, <span>1-3 months</span>, <span>4-6 months</span>, <span>More than 6 months</span>, <span>No timeframe</span> </details> |  | false |
| role_in_purchase_process | Role In Purchase Process | STRING <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>Decision Maker</span>, <span>Evaluator/Recommender</span>, <span>Influencer</span>, <span>Not involved</span> </details> |  | false |
| language | Language | STRING |  | false |
| auto_approve | Auto Approve | BOOLEAN <details> <summary> Options </summary> <span>true</span>, <span>false</span> </details> |  | false |

#### Example JSON Structure
```json
{
  "label" : "Add Meeting Registrant",
  "name" : "addMeetingRegistrant",
  "parameters" : {
    "meetingId" : 1,
    "first_name" : "",
    "last_name" : "",
    "email" : "",
    "address" : "",
    "city" : "",
    "state" : "",
    "zip" : "",
    "country" : "",
    "phone" : "",
    "comments" : "",
    "industry" : "",
    "job_title" : "",
    "no_of_employees" : "",
    "org" : "",
    "purchasing_time_frame" : "",
    "role_in_purchase_process" : "",
    "language" : "",
    "auto_approve" : false
  },
  "type" : "zoom/v1/addMeetingRegistrant"
}
```

#### Output



Type: OBJECT


#### Properties

|     Name     |     Type     |     Description     |
|:------------:|:------------:|:-------------------:|
| id | INTEGER | ID of the meeting. |
| join_url | STRING | Join URL for the meeting. |
| registrant_id | STRING | ID of the user that registered for the meeting. |
| start_time | STRING | Start time of the meeting. |
| topic | STRING | Topic of the meeting. |
| occurrences | ARRAY <details> <summary> Items </summary> [&#123;INTEGER\(duration), STRING\(occurrence_id), STRING\(start_time), STRING\(status)&#125;] </details> |  |
| participant_pin_code | INTEGER | Pin code for participation. |




#### Output Example
```json
{
  "id" : 1,
  "join_url" : "",
  "registrant_id" : "",
  "start_time" : "",
  "topic" : "",
  "occurrences" : [ {
    "duration" : 1,
    "occurrence_id" : "",
    "start_time" : "",
    "status" : ""
  } ],
  "participant_pin_code" : 1
}
```




## What to do if your action is not listed here?

If this component doesn't have the action you need, you can use **Custom Action** to create your own. Custom Actions empower you to define HTTP requests tailored to your specific requirements, allowing for greater flexibility in integrating with external services or APIs.

To create a Custom Action, simply specify the desired HTTP method, path, and any necessary parameters. This way, you can extend the functionality of your component beyond the predefined actions, ensuring that you can meet all your integration needs effectively.

<hr />

# Additional Instructions

## Connection Setup

### Find OAuth Credentials and Add Required Scopes

1. Go to [marketplace.zoom.us](https://marketplace.zoom.us/) and log in to your account.
2. Click on Develop.
3. Click on Build app.
4. Select General App.
5. Click on Create.
6. Here you can see Client ID and Client Secret.
7. Enter a redirect URI, e.g., http://127.0.0.1:5173/callback, https://app.bytechef.io/callback. Click Create.
8. Go to **Scopes** from left sidebar and add **meeting:write:meeting** and **meeting:write:registrant** as scopes.`,

<div style={{ position: 'relative', height:0, width: '100%', overflow: 'hidden', zIndex: 99999, boxSizing: 'border-box', paddingBottom: 'calc(50.05219207% + 32px)'}}>
    <iframe src="https://www.guidejar.com/embed/23d01159-c615-4e15-9592-edb2439c0da7?type=1&controls=on" width="100%" height="100%" style={{height:'100%', position:'absolute', inset:0, border: 'none'}} allowFullScreen></iframe>
</div>
