docs/content/docs/developer-guide/build-component/initial-setup.mdx, before:

---
title: "Initial Setup"
description: "Learn how to create a new component"
---

To create a new component, we will use the `example` component as a template.

1. **Copy the example component** from `server/libs/modules/components/example` into a new package `server/libs/modules/components/newcomponent`, where `newcomponent` is the name of your new component.
2. **Update Settings**:
   - Open `bytechef/settings.gradle.kts`.
   - Add the following line to include your new component in the build process:
     ```kotlin
     include("server:libs:modules:components:newcomponent")
     ```
3. **Load Gradle Changes**:
   - Refresh or reload the Gradle project in IntelliJ IDEA.
   - This step ensures that IntelliJ recognizes your new component as a Java module, allowing you to work with it seamlessly within the IDE.
4. **Rename Package and Classes**:
   - Inside the newly created package, rename the `example` subpackage to `newcomponent`.
   - Additionally, rename all classes within this package that start with `Example` to start with `NewComponent`.

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/developer-guide/build-component/initial-setup.mdx, after:

---
title: "Initial Setup"
description: "Get started with component development in ByteChef. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
---

To create a new component, we will use the `example` component as a template.

1. **Copy the example component** from `server/libs/modules/components/example` into a new package `server/libs/modules/components/newcomponent`, where `newcomponent` is the name of your new component.
2. **Update Settings**:
   - Open `bytechef/settings.gradle.kts`.
   - Add the following line to include your new component in the build process:
     ```kotlin
     include("server:libs:modules:components:newcomponent")
     ```
3. **Modify Build Files**:
   - Open `bytechef/server/ee/apps/worker-app/build.gradle.kts` and `bytechef/server/apps/server-app/build.gradle.kts`
   - Add the following line to both files to ensure your component is included as a dependency:
     ```kotlin
     implementation(project(":server:libs:modules:components:newcomponent"))
     ```
4. **Load Gradle Changes**:
   - Refresh or reload the Gradle project in IntelliJ IDEA.
   - This step ensures that IntelliJ recognizes your new component as a Java module, allowing you to work with it seamlessly within the IDE.
5. **Rename Package and Classes**:
   - Inside the newly created package, rename the `example` subpackage to `newcomponent`.
   - Additionally, rename all classes within this package that start with `Example` to start with `NewComponent`.
