docs/content/docs/developer-guide/build-component/write-tests.mdx, before:

---
title: "Write Tests"
description: "How to write tests for your component."
---

## Overview

When you build a component, add tests to validate both:
- The component definition (actions, triggers, properties, connection) stays consistent over time.
- The business logic in your actions and triggers behaves as expected.

## Component Handler Test

This test serializes your component definition to JSON and compares it with a snapshot file under your module's test resources. If the file is missing, it will be auto-created.

- Location: `src/test/resources/definition/<component>_v<version>.json`
- Naming: Use your component name and version (for example: notion_v1.json)
- Purpose: Catch unintentional breaking changes to your component definition (titles, properties, output schemas, etc.).

Example:

```java
import com.bytechef.test.jsonasssert.JsonFileAssert;
import org.junit.jupiter.api.Test;

class MyComponentHandlerTest {

    @Test
    void testGetDefinition() {
        JsonFileAssert.assertEquals("definition/my-component_v1.json", new MyComponentHandler().getDefinition());
    }
}
```

How it works:
- JsonFileAssert.assertEquals writes the file if it doesn't exist, and on subsequent runs performs a strict JSON comparison.

- To intentionally update the snapshot: delete `src/test/resources/definition/<file>.json` and re-run the test to regenerate it, then commit the change. See contributing guide instructions.

Tip: Every component module should have one ComponentHandlerTest like this.

## Unit Testing Actions

Action logic lives in perform(...). You can unit test it by providing Parameters via MockParametersFactory and mocking ActionContext with Mockito.

Example (simplified boolean computation):

```java
import static org.junit.jupiter.api.Assertions.*;
import static org.mockito.Mockito.*;

import com.bytechef.component.definition.ActionContext;
import com.bytechef.component.definition.Parameters;
import com.bytechef.component.test.definition.MockParametersFactory;
import java.util.Map;
import org.junit.jupiter.api.Test;

class MyActionTest {
    private final ActionContext actionContext = mock(ActionContext.class);

    @Test
    void testPerform() {
        Parameters input = MockParametersFactory.create(Map.of("text", "hello"));

        Object result = MyAction.perform(input, input, actionContext);

        assertEquals("HELLO", result);
    }
}
```

Notes:
- Use MockParametersFactory.create(Map.of(...)) to build Parameters quickly for inputs and, if needed, connection parameters.
- Mock ActionContext and verify interactions if your code uses context.http(), context.file(), context.data(), etc.

## Unit Testing Triggers

For polling triggers, test the poll(...) function by mocking TriggerContext and its HTTP executor.

For webhook triggers, write small tests around enable/disable/request handlers by mocking ctx.http() calls and asserting returned data structures.

Remember:

If you change your component definition, remember to update the snapshot JSON:

- Delete `src/test/resources/definition/<component>_v<version>.json`
- Re-run the Component Handler Test to regenerate

Commit message:

docs: fix broken links and update documentation structure
- Fix broken links in architecture.mdx, what-is-bytechef.mdx, and quickstart.mdx
- Update deployment links to point to correct paths
- Update component links in how-to-guides to reference actual component pages
- Remove embedded JSON from branch_v1.mdx (keeping external link)
- Update authentication links to point to correct paths
- Standardize link formatting across documentation

docs/content/docs/developer-guide/build-component/write-tests.mdx, after:

---
description: "Write tests for ByteChef components. Learn testing best practices. Learn how to implement this in your ByteChef workflows."
title: Write Tests
---

## Overview

When you build a component, add tests to validate both:
- The component definition (actions, triggers, properties, connection) stays consistent over time.
- The business logic in your actions and triggers behaves as expected.

## Component Handler Test

This test serializes your component definition to JSON and compares it with a snapshot file under your module's test resources. If the file is missing, it will be auto-created.

- Location: `src/test/resources/definition/<component>_v<version>.json`
- Naming: Use your component name and version (for example: notion_v1.json)
- Purpose: Catch unintentional breaking changes to your component definition (titles, properties, output schemas, etc.).

Example:

```java
import com.bytechef.test.jsonasssert.JsonFileAssert;
import org.junit.jupiter.api.Test;

class MyComponentHandlerTest {

    @Test
    void testGetDefinition() {
        JsonFileAssert.assertEquals("definition/my-component_v1.json", new MyComponentHandler().getDefinition());
    }
}
```

How it works:
- JsonFileAssert.assertEquals writes the file if it doesn't exist, and on subsequent runs performs a strict JSON comparison.

- To intentionally update the snapshot: delete `src/test/resources/definition/<file>.json` and re-run the test to regenerate it, then commit the change. See contributing guide instructions.

Tip: Every component module should have one ComponentHandlerTest like this.

## Unit Testing Actions

Action logic lives in perform(...). You can unit test it by providing Parameters via MockParametersFactory and mocking ActionContext with Mockito.

Example (simplified boolean computation):

```java
import static org.junit.jupiter.api.Assertions.*;
import static org.mockito.Mockito.*;

import com.bytechef.component.definition.ActionContext;
import com.bytechef.component.definition.Parameters;
import com.bytechef.component.test.definition.MockParametersFactory;
import java.util.Map;
import org.junit.jupiter.api.Test;

class MyActionTest {
    private final ActionContext actionContext = mock(ActionContext.class);

    @Test
    void testPerform() {
        Parameters input = MockParametersFactory.create(Map.of("text", "hello"));

        Object result = MyAction.perform(input, input, actionContext);

        assertEquals("HELLO", result);
    }
}
```

Notes:
- Use MockParametersFactory.create(Map.of(...)) to build Parameters quickly for inputs and, if needed, connection parameters.
- Mock ActionContext and verify interactions if your code uses context.http(), context.file(), context.data(), etc.

## Unit Testing Triggers

For polling triggers, test the poll(...) function by mocking TriggerContext and its HTTP executor.

For webhook triggers, write small tests around enable/disable/request handlers by mocking ctx.http() calls and asserting returned data structures.

Remember:

If you change your component definition, remember to update the snapshot JSON:

- Delete `src/test/resources/definition/<component>_v<version>.json`
- Re-run the Component Handler Test to regenerate
